---
type: transcript
ingested: true
ingested_at: 2026-05-04
---

# Meeting: Abel & Andrés Follow up (2024-08-07 09_11 GMT-5) - Transcript
**Date:** 2024-08-07
**Source:** OneDrive/Meet Recordings/Abel & Andrés Follow up (2024-08-07 09_11 GMT-5) - Transcript.docx
**Type:** gemini-notes

Abel &amp; Andrés Follow up (2024-08-07 09:11 GMT-5) - Transcript Attendees +1 210-***-**20, Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez, Jacob Oluwole Transcript This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created. Jacob Oluwole: because in any response from okay. +1 210-***-**20: Hello. +1 210-***-**20: Hello. +1 210-***-**20: How are you doing? +1 210-***-**20: Good. +1 210-***-**20: And relax, I'm gonna join us. +1 210-***-**20: Okay. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: All right able are you there? +1 210-***-**20: Yeah, I'm here. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Yes, I mean, good morning. How are you doing? +1 210-***-**20: Good good. Hey, sorry, I don't have that Google meet. So I'm just on the calm. So I'm not able to see your or… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Okay. +1 210-***-**20: anything. Just an FYI. and I'm over here at a job site. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Perfect. +1 210-***-**20: So hopefully you're okay all my phone if that's okay. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. I truly want to just take some time for us to follow up. I know the last conversation we had on the last email was hey, basically we're looking to move forward. where do we get started, right? so I think … +1 210-***-**20: Yep. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: I did there was a couple of things that would probably wanted to discuss. I know we talked about. a few things right to integration of what you guys are currently using, so for us to be able to start that process, as soon as we bring you guys on board and then obviously the ability for us to be able to start promoting those jobs right away. So a couple of things so I'm sure you guys already have the approval to move forward one of the things that I want to do you talk about was hey. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: How many jobs are there posted today? For example, how many jobs are we looking to post directly through Moyle? And then are we starting with just San Antonio at the beginning right just a couple of those questions so that our goal is truly to just make sure that from the get-go we can set you guys up, … +1 210-***-**20: Yep. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: we can make sure that we're promoting those jobs, but then of course, we don't want to wait until we integrate with you guys to start promoting the jobs and start bringing the talent to their website, so ideally we would like to start doing that from day one and then at the same time start the process of us integrating with you guys, which I assume we would have to probably set up a call. with it Department you do that you do that part. 00:05:00 Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: portion Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Perfect. +1 210-***-**20: Yeah, so I wanted to clarify on that in Egypt hit the comments that I was gonna make is a few things. So one we do want to move forward to we're probably gonna do the yearly thing or… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Fantastic +1 210-***-**20: the unlimited deal and you… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Of course. +1 210-***-**20: I don't know if it's helpful or not, but we can start in San Antonio, and right now as you continue to grow as well,… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Okay, beautiful. okay. So yeah, I mean look,… +1 210-***-**20: you… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: I mean I would say we could focus Austin Dallas San Antonio Houston,… +1 210-***-**20: we can look at the other areas that we do business and San Antonio Dallas Houston,… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: right Austin Dallas and Antonio Houston. we could start big time with San Antonio. +1 210-***-**20: Austin, North Carolina, South Carolina, but you… +1 210-***-**20: we can take baby steps with this if you want to kind of go to the process and… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: So let me… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: because I showed you guys the current pricing and… +1 210-***-**20: then as far as the integration,… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: in the future pricing,… +1 210-***-**20: I can see that being the last thing that we kind of focus on. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: But ideally we would like to probably lock you guys into the 699 for the year before that pricing changes. +1 210-***-**20: So we're totally cool. we just kind of figure out whatever. This is on your end in onarian. But as far as the integration that can come down the road and… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: and then I think I Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Honestly, look, I think one of the things that's important for us right now to be able to bring you guys from board. +1 210-***-**20: you and I can stay in touch with when is the right time to do the integration. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: We'll kind of go like you said with the flow as we continue to move forward. +1 210-***-**20: There may be a few challenges that we face, you… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: We'll talk about,… +1 210-***-**20: posting positions and… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: future development to be able to integrate and… +1 210-***-**20: all that but we let's work through all that stuff first and… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: then maybe we can make some changes, down the road right? +1 210-***-**20: then we can focus on the immigration at a later date. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: I mean we decide to just go, Nationwide with you guys then maybe at that point we can talk about, restructure in our pricing but I think at this point honestly, I mean, even if we were able to lock you guys in for the first year, we're gonna do everything in our power to make sure that we're feeling this positions, but then +1 210-***-**20: yeah. +1 210-***-**20: Yeah. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: we don't mind at this point knowing that hey, maybe if you guys post 300 jobs in the next year. that's not a massive. I mean for us they important thing there is just earning your business rather than actually, bringing in a profit from this first deal. So we can talk down the road, if things start growing and the integration and we can have the conversation of hey, now we're gonna start some development, could we update the pricing? but again for now, we would lock you guys seeing in the 699 for the year that we can obviously just get started as soon as possible. +1 210-***-**20: Yeah. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Yeah. +1 210-***-**20: Yep. Yeah,… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Perfect. Yes. +1 210-***-**20: Jeff that yeah and I agree with you on that and just let me know. What's the best way to do this. I know you asked me… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: beautiful +1 210-***-**20: how many positions I have right now, but again, I'm not in front of my desk right now. So if you are in front of your computer if you go to Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Yes. 00:10:00 +1 210-***-**20: Our website is that great construction corporation.com. And then… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Amazing guys. +1 210-***-**20: if you go to careers you can see the positions at +1 210-***-**20: Or applying now or… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: I really appreciate it man. +1 210-***-**20: something like that. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: You know that this is… +1 210-***-**20: You can see the positions we have and… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: exactly what I told my team and I have Jacob… +1 210-***-**20: then you can just sort it by Texas and… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: who is our project manager on the call. +1 210-***-**20: then you… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: He's taking some notes,… +1 210-***-**20: that's what I would be looking at point and… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: but I wanted to join the call because that I said look, I know with this company they could truly be a partner for the future. +1 210-***-**20: it doesn't have to be all of them at once either. I'm dressed, as you're continuing to grow as well and… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Like a partner from the beginning someone that we can grow with someone that we can learn with and… +1 210-***-**20: try to figure out how we want to do this maybe mean you can agree. Hey, we do have 20 positions open in Texas,… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: and obviously be able to bring you guys results as well. So, okay,… +1 210-***-**20: but let's just focus on these chin right now,… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Perfect. +1 210-***-**20: … Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Let me ask you a question. +1 210-***-**20: or if you feel that we can promote and… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: So there'll be a couple of things that I'm gonna send your way. +1 210-***-**20: push all 20… +1 210-***-**20: then I'm gonna be flexible with you on here come that's… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: So one… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: because we're going to make this process as simple as possible. +1 210-***-**20: because one I know it's fairly new. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: So I'm just gonna send you an invoice so that you guys don't have to pay through the website you guys can just pay the invoice and… +1 210-***-**20: It's new to us. And we just want to be able to partner with you and… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: then that automatically gets you guys the unlimited job posting for the year. +1 210-***-**20: see how we can help because I know yeah. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: So I'll send you guys the invoice now, who will I send the invoice to do I send this to you? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: The second question here would be Who is going to be creating? +1 210-***-**20: Thank you. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Let's say the main account for the business. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Okay. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Perfect kind of assigned to it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Perfect. Okay. +1 210-***-**20: Okay. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: and times table Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: So will I ran out, any bugs along the way… +1 210-***-**20: Yeah, you can send it to me on the Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: because that's the other thing too. I mean if you guys have different hiring managers or if have a couple of people that are in then we'll work with you guys to be able to add those additional profiles to the same account so that other people can also, be able to see the candidates as well. Not just one person be able to log in. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: All Perfect. And then we'll do that. I'm gonna go to your website. I'm actually meeting with Jacob right after we get off this call. I'm gonna meet with Jacob I'm gonna talk to him about we're gonna do a list of the jobs in Texas. and honestly if we have everything we need I mean, I know you're very busy because you're gonna be managing this project. Here's what I want to do. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: I'm gonna create that list of the jobs that are available. +1 210-***-**20: For right now,… +1 210-***-**20: it's probably gonna be me. I will be working with my team to figure out who's gonna be the right person that I'm gonna turn this over to this project. This is assign this project to them. So it'll be me under that's kind of going to the whole process, and part of the reason is not to understand how it works before I pass it on to my team so I can kind of share the expectations with them as well. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: And then I'll send you an email right and then we can say hey, let's post this jobs this week. Let's start with these jobs this week. We'll post them do the marketing for them tribe, we'll start bringing those users on board. And then what we'll do is what I want to do to be able to create more engagement is slowly start releasing these jobs throughout the week, +1 210-***-**20: Okay. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: right so they will do the next day two jobs today after and then that way we create that continued engagement on social media to be able to bring more people on board. All right any questions at this point of it? Yeah, but Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: yes. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Perfect. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: You make sense. +1 210-***-**20: So I just text you the link to her career page… 00:15:00 Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: very good Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Okay. Yeah. No, we'll jump on this right away. Everyone do… +1 210-***-**20: which is from our website just to make sure you have the right one… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: what I was gonna say that because I know you're busy and… +1 210-***-**20: because there's true Zachary. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: you're gonna be managing my team and… +1 210-***-**20: So there's some confusion with that reconstruction versus Zachary holding. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: The only thing I'm gonna ask you for is to go on the website and then create your initial account for Zachary,… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: He's gonna be your email. You're gonna just create that initial profile. Once you have that profile. +1 210-***-**20: Where's Accurate Construction. +1 210-***-**20: So I just want to make sure you went to the right site… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: I'm gonna have my team load the jobs for you. +1 210-***-**20: because I've worked with vendors in the past and… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: So we're gonna be loading this jobs for you. +1 210-***-**20: I tell them go to our website and… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: We're gonna be posting the jobs on the website for you. +1 210-***-**20: check this out. And then when they come meet with that's in person to do a presentation. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: And then we're just gonna keep you posted right? +1 210-***-**20: They got the wrong logo the wrong company. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: I'm gonna keep giving you you're gonna start receiving the emails want people up once people apply. +1 210-***-**20: So I was trying to tell people it make sure it's that reconstruction Corporation. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: You're gonna start seeing but I'm going to take this very Hands-On,… +1 210-***-**20: So I defenses a link on text. So you have it and… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: so that can you help us right? +1 210-***-**20: that's basically our career page and I… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Because I know again you're busy you're on the job sites all the time. +1 210-***-**20: you can filter through there on this and look at the craft positions that we have available. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: So we're gonna start bringing the job some board. And then what I'll do is I'll create an Excel sheet where I can actually send you daily. Every time we post a new job. I'll send you the email of the job that has been posted. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Okay, we just posted this one available. And that way we help you keep an eye on it. All right. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: No, absolutely. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: For sure. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Perfect. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Yeah. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Absolutely, Look and I do want to say that you… +1 210-***-**20: Okay. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: it doesn't go. Yeah, I noticed right. Thank you for the support. Thank you. and it from the day one, right? We're at the beginning of this. I mean, we're done really good things so so I'm very very excited to be able to bring you guys on board. We appreciate the trust right and… +1 210-***-**20: I appreciate that Andrés and… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: not giving us the opportunity to be able to take this to the next level. +1 210-***-**20: then for right now it's gonna be me just so I can get comfortable with it. And then … Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: up Yes. +1 210-***-**20: I got several people on my team that I just got to figure out who's gonna be the right one to kind of manage this as well. but I appreciate their hands on approach to it. And we know where we're both in unique situation where We're going to be helping each other out with it too, so. +1 210-***-**20: Yep. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: my God. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Absolutely. +1 210-***-**20: Yep, and if there's also +1 210-***-**20: In the future, I'm part of different organizations my role here at the background the HR Director for Zachary. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: I really appreciate it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Fantastic. No,… +1 210-***-**20: I know you and… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Again. Thank you. +1 210-***-**20: I met at that Round Table discussion,… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Thank I promise you we're gonna do. To the best to make sure that we are you… +1 210-***-**20: which was a very small group of people but I network not just in San Antonio our Network in Houston and… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: we're bringing you the results that you guys are looking for up. You… +1 210-***-**20: Dallas and… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: that's definitely our commitment and… +1 210-***-**20: Austin in North Carolina,… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: thank you. +1 210-***-**20: South Carolina. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Thank you for thinking of us and… +1 210-***-**20: I know working in different areas. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: for saying hey I am willing to do this for you guys. +1 210-***-**20: So if there's anything that you can give me as the one page flyer something that I can keep on my phone that when I come across people that are facing some of the same challenges that I can kind of help you promote your business unofficially,… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: I really appreciate it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: All right, I'll go ahead and send this over to you. please please let me know what questions come up. it will be two emails one will be the invoice… +1 210-***-**20: you know what I mean? I'm on different teeth different boards… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: then I'll send you another short email… +1 210-***-**20: different organizations that I can kind of share best practices on what's working for us and… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: where I just sent a message to Jacob. We're gonna work on a flyer that we can send over to you. +1 210-***-**20: and stuff,… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: But that first initial email I'm gonna send is … +1 210-***-**20: and I'll be happy to share. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: just a quick email of these are next steps. +1 210-***-**20: A business, Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: So please create that first initial account. Once you're done then we'll go ahead and take over and start posting those jobs for you. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: All right. I mean let me see if I have any other questions. What would be the billing address for Zachary? +1 210-***-**20: Yeah, absolutely,… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Yes. +1 210-***-**20: Absolutely. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: birth Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: beautiful got it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Urban 00:20:00 +1 210-***-**20: Sounds like a plan. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Thank you. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Absolutely. I mean, I'll be there Friday because I have a quick networking event or so. There's a group that they started it's called Blue Collar connect. +1 210-***-**20: I'm not sure if you got an email from me under that. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: So it's all blue collar businesses. +1 210-***-**20: I think you do have an email in the signature line. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: So I'm gonna be there Friday. +1 210-***-**20: There is the Wurzbach Parkway address. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: I mean again, I'll give you a call when I'm on my way, see if you're available. We can meet up. If not again, you're a job site. +1 210-***-**20: it's that you can use that address and… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: I'll stop by. We'll just chat for a little bit. that's the idea right that we keep this partnership that we keep this,… +1 210-***-**20: If you're ever in San Antonio and… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: you… +1 210-***-**20: want to stop by the office,… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: … +1 210-***-**20: we're not too far from… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: you guys are … Jacob Oluwole: Thank you about thanks for joining. No. +1 210-***-**20: where you and… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: one of our bigger customers today and… +1 210-***-**20: I met at that Round Table discussion that we had at the North chamber my office and… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: I want to make sure of it again that we're taking care of you very very well. So yeah,… +1 210-***-**20: not too far from there. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: please I mean thank you for the opportunity to come visit the office. +1 210-***-**20: So if there's ever time that you're in the area and… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: I'll let you know. +1 210-***-**20: you want to go grab lunch or… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: If you're there awesome buddy,… +1 210-***-**20: stop by and… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: not every time I go to San Antonio,… +1 210-***-**20: check out the office or whatever you and… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: I'll hit you up so that you… +1 210-***-**20: Jacob whoever,… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: we can grab lunch or… +1 210-***-**20: gonna be helping with this is welcome to stop by and… Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: or definitely continue to talk,… +1 210-***-**20: and say hi that so Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: feel free again at any time. Should me a message call anything you need through all these process please I will do not hesitate to reach on Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: All thank you so much. I'll go ahead again. Any questions that come up in the meantime, please let me know but I'll go ahead and get all of this started and again, we look forward to getting this going as soon as possible again. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Thank you very much. please again don't hesitate to reach out and I'll talk to you soon. Yes, I thank you. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez: Take care. Bye. +1 210-***-**20: People yeah. +1 210-***-**20: Okay, I appreciate that. +1 210-***-**20: Okay, appreciate it under it. alright +1 210-***-**20: Alright, thank you. Thanks Jacob. alright Meeting ended after 00:20:48 👋
