# Meeting: tdo-dzdc-xzx (2025-01-08 19_47 GMT-6) - Transcript
**Date:** 2025-01-08
**Source:** OneDrive/Meet Recordings/tdo-dzdc-xzx (2025-01-08 19_47 GMT-6) - Transcript.docx
**Type:** gemini-notes

tdo-dzdc-xzx (2025-01-08 19:47 GMT-6) - Transcript Attendees Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez, Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez's Presentation Transcript Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez's Presentation: maybe the success that we're having in conveying them to other people. when we think about health care, it's going to help us walk through flowcharts of, what we might be experiencing to better understand what kinds of actions we should take with our medical professionals to improve our health. It's going to help the industry find better treatments new kinds of chemicals that can be used to treat different problems. it's going to help analyze various health conditions and help us come to a better picture of our health. When we think about biology, we need to be able to understand large volumes of data, whether that's in protein structures or in genomics. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez's Presentation: And generative AI is going to help both with analysis as well as synthesis where we can deeply understand the information we have and then use that to synthesize new things that can help agriculture there's so much involved in agriculture from data analysis to remote sensing to robotics it's going to help us be more productive there. things like programming. those of us that write programs for a living are already finding that these tools help us be more productive when we're debugging, when we're documenting, and when we're trying to build up scaffolding for what kind of code we should write and how it should all fit together. these tools are also going to help in many other areas for example writing. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez's Presentation: so many of us write for a living, whether we're just writing emails to friends or whether we're writing content for other people when we think about marketing and the ads industry, there's going to be personalization at a level that we've never seen before. That's going to help people more effectively communicate the benefits of the things they're building through personalized images and robotics has been a dream of the artificial intelligence industry for a long time and these models are going to make robotics more useful, help with planning, help with sensing and geocciences. We have an increased need to understand the earth and things happening on our weather and climate, understand what's on earth, the geosphere. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez's Presentation: these tools are helping with that. even design, when we're trying to build things, whether that's architecture or web design or product design, these models are going to help us brainstorm about our ideas and put them in context so that we can understand them in relation to the things around them and hopefully make them more useful. So, generative AI really has extraordinary different kinds of applications for every aspect of what we do as a society. And, I've just been brainstorming with you here a little bit, but the applications are quite talk a little about what is generative AI. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez's Presentation: when AI first started we were mostly focused on classification and the goal of a classification model is to make a decision about something. it could be for example classifying a picture. So I have this picture of a gecko and the goal of the model would be to say what is in this picture? Is it a goose? Is it a glove? No, it's a gecko. that would be classification. And the goal is then to make a decision about some variable, we'll call it X, that's a multi-dimensional vector, could have a lot of different entries in it. So for example, a picture, if it's a megapixel picture, it has a million pixels and each of those pixels has three colors in it. So that's three million dimensions in a megapixel image. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez's Presentation: So these data points that we're reasoning about they could be complicated like a picture they could be something like a document they could be an audio file or they could be video but the purpose of classifying is just to make a decision it's kind of to understand and analyze and then sort of boil down data into a result and that's where generative AI goes beyond that. the goal is to understand the distribution of the data and that could be quite complicated because these are very highly dimensional spaces and once we have been able to model that distribution then we can sample from it in order to generate a new example from that data distribution. So for example on the right here I have a bunch of images of faces. 00:05:00 Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez's Presentation: and if I wanted to synthesize a new face, then I would need to just sample from that distribution if I was able to learn it. But the central problem then in generative AI has to do with learning data distributions. and we do that through deep neural networks. Just a little bit more about this. So we know that the structure of data is captured in its distribution. so for example if we were just to sample random images from this highly multi-dimensional space of let's say three million points to come up with a megapixel image almost 999% of the images are going to be random noise with no structure. it's just going to be kind of fuzzy a TV back in the old days. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez's Presentation: the number of images that actually contain something from the real world or some sort of structure in it that we can perceive and understand is almost vanishingly tiny. and those are the images of course that we're interested in. And so if we had strong models for learning the structure of data, we could then generate new data. And this is a really powerful idea especially because we can construct these distributions in order to be conditional on things that we know that we want to use to influence the generation. So we want to be able to control the output and make the output solve a problem for us. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez's Presentation: then we can describe the problem in the form of conditioning to this distribution and then sample from the result in order to get one of the many possible solutions to the question that we're asking. It turns out that today's models can absorb truly astounding amounts of data. So for example, if we're making an image generation model, we can train it on billions of images. And if we're training a language model, we can train that model on trillions of words. And they can absorb it not just by sort of understanding it at a surface level, but they can actually build up internal representations that deeply understand the structure and the meaning behind all of these data points that they're being trained on. And that's what enables generative AI to solve new problems. And that's why it's so exciting. Meeting ended after 00:11:01 👋 This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
