# Meeting Transcript: 2024-10-22-interview-pitch-update-marketing
**Date:** 2024-10-22
**Type:** meeting-transcript

Oct 22, 2024 | Interview and Pitch Update Marketing Call Invited Guests : Live Note s | Read Meeting Report ———————— Live Transcript (12:55 PM): Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:54 PM): That's all I ever asked for. Literally all every ever, ever, ever since the first time I talked about the trans thing that's all I ever asked for do you want to do a English or Spanish, and it was a pop-up. I think at the time of GTA. Abiodun Solomon (12:54 PM): interviews. Yeah, that's what I always ask the guys. Abiodun Solomon (12:54 PM): It prompted me to select which language I wanted. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:54 PM): You were able to go in? Yes. Abiodun Solomon (12:54 PM): the Swiss bank website. The one I shared with you. Abiodun Solomon (12:54 PM): Also, when I entered them. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:54 PM): You messed it up, but I heard me I said I'll be right back right yeah I just, I was just right outside. Okay. Sorry. What was that? Abiodun Solomon (12:53 PM): Yeah, me too, in case you understand us. Abiodun Solomon (12:53 PM): Hello, my disconnect. Abiodun Solomon (12:53 PM): Maybe we can use as well. Did you get me? Abiodun Solomon (12:53 PM): I'm thinking it's something that. Abiodun Solomon (12:53 PM): You know this... Twisted Blank website, I've got some now. First time I entered the website. asked me if I needed to change my number. Abiodun Solomon (12:52 PM): We'll be right back. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:51 PM): you. Abiodun Solomon (12:51 PM): It's very interesting is I like. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:51 PM): Mm hmm. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:51 PM): He's very cool man. It's cool. It motivates a lot. people to say, hey, why don't I just go pitch my product? Abiodun Solomon (12:50 PM): I said I used to watch. shock tank and then it was there silently. good things about all this time. Look. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:50 PM): you're. I think. Abiodun Solomon (12:50 PM): Yeah. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:50 PM): Yeah, $200 million in annual revenue. Abiodun Solomon (12:50 PM): How much? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:50 PM): Um. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:50 PM): You okay? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:49 PM): Thus I company to sell to be valid. a billion without... raising funding. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:49 PM): $250 million a year or $100 million a year. Um, um, UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (12:49 PM): company. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:49 PM): That's based just on sales. Because if they haven't raised any funding that means. all of their valuation is based on sale. So that means they've sold enough money to become a billion-dollar company. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:49 PM): To get there, you have to have very, very big. very, very big road. You have to have very substantial growth. that for you, for investors to give you all that money, well, depending on the funding on how much they gave them, or, you know, Oh, no, they became a billion dollars that space Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:48 PM): They get notifications at all times and and that's how you start spreading this to other people, right? I mean, that's how you start getting the message out at what I would say at a larger rate. But we'll get there. We'll get there right Yes for Tibet, but that's it Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:48 PM): that they trust websites, especially for candidates. We need to translate what we have into an app. And the way we do that is by making it a process where it's just literally a chat bot that is asking you and guiding you through the process. It's a very simple to use chatbot, right? That guides you through the process. of creating your resume, creates a resume and profile for you, and there starts matching you to jobs. That's it. Boom. People get it in their hands, they can start spreading it. Now it's an app. They have it on their phone at all times. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:48 PM): become, you know, people talk about you and then, you know, that's the entire thing. It's, you know, it's, that's why I told Jacob the other day, and I know he pushes back on it. I mean, look, we need the app. People trust apps more. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:48 PM): And it can be done, especially now with... it can be done as long as you're able to right? Like wildfire, right? Like you become catchy. Abiodun Solomon (12:47 PM): ever applying for any That's amazing. Abiodun Solomon (12:47 PM): There is this Nigerian company that became a unicorn before. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:47 PM): seed stage, we have to generate revenue. We have to. Yeah, with numbers is a lot easier for sure, like setting actual numbers. Yeah. Abiodun Solomon (12:47 PM): But to be able to fund it as a Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:47 PM): $350 million of stock in the company. If we skip the first and went straight to the second round, then investors would only have $150 million in stock in the company and we would hold $850 million. Oh. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:47 PM): So look, I'll give you an example. If you, if you, if we become a a billion-dollar valuation, then at that point if we... took both rounds, the investors would have Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:46 PM): Seed yeah, because then you don't be losing Abiodun Solomon (12:46 PM): have funding to shoot for. to be like at the later stage. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:46 PM): You were cutting out for a second. Yeah, I was saying so. Abiodun Solomon (12:46 PM): Uh, uh. Sorry, I hear you now. Abiodun Solomon (12:46 PM): So, at this stage... The following may not be that a big. Hold on again, sorry. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:46 PM): Wow. Abiodun Solomon (12:46 PM): Yes, I'm following. It's like I'm in a class right now. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:46 PM): at that point if we did both rounds. You know what I mean? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:45 PM): and our expenses are not very high. maintain the way we're doing and actually generate. income first and then go for like a. seed-level funding, then we don't have to do the seat for 20% we would just go straight. for, you know, a million dollars at 15% of company instead of 35%. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:45 PM): you can start generating income and skip that first round and go straight for the second round, which is only 15%, then you've eliminated an extra 20% that you would have given out in equity. See what I'm saying? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:45 PM): you know, to extend our run rate in the meantime, because look, the lens that we. dilute right away. The first round of dilution, which usually you get $100,000 to $250,000 it's about 20% of your company, right? So when you think about it, Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:44 PM): income initially. So that's If I can find a pitch competition where they'll just give us extra cash for freemen, that's what I'm going to sign up. $10,000 here, $5,000 there. I'm working. on a couple of grants, I applied for a grant that was like. $8,000 waiting to hear back. back. But see, I mean, all of these little things we'll do to continue to. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:44 PM): doing all of this organic. you know if we can man look if if we can earn people's trust, if people got understand what loyal is about and people start trusting. We will be able to sustain the company or by just generating even very little. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:43 PM): I'm doing today trading, I think we might be able 24 months, we'll be able to give be good for another 12 months now. without having to get any extra funding, but obviously with the goal of doing all the little things that we're talking about doing the podcast, all the partnerships with people in politics, with people from nonprofits, for people with chambers of commerce. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:43 PM): that's for my retirement plan because so when I when I to be able to fund the way I needed to find more. I quit my job. so I could take my retirement plan and then fund MOYL for, you know, what I planned was 18 months out of it. And but now because Abiodun Solomon (12:43 PM): What yeah, yeah, that's Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:43 PM): where it was two months ago. Thanks to those little day trades, you know, so I'd lost, you know, some, but if you obviously I want more than I've lost and that's, I'm getting, I got really good at doing my stop losses or gotten better at doing the stop losses and. making sure that we're limiting the exposure. at the same time, you know, I've been generating some income there to do again. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:42 PM): my savings account where I where I pay, you know, all the expenses for the company plus the expenses that my wife's salary doesn't cover. I've been able to actually keep it steady for the last two months, like even though I've withdrawn money. And spend money. I'd be keep it Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:42 PM): I've done a little bit of day trading for the last couple of months. And, you know, just very little here. there. And honestly, I've been able to keep Abiodun Solomon (12:42 PM): You know, I. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:42 PM): and I'm going to go. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:42 PM): So I'm going to go and do, I have to press up and then go. and do the pitch. It's an odd concept for sure, but hey. Anything I can find that is free, I'm signing up for. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:42 PM): not Halloween, but the 30th. 1 a.m. It's like at a bar, but it's a it's an actual fee, you know, like an actual company that is funding people Abiodun Solomon (12:41 PM): Okay I'm doing a pitch on how Halloween on the 13th. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:41 PM): the calendar invite for us to meet once a month and review the pitch. Starting today. Abiodun Solomon (12:41 PM): I'm going to send right now. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:41 PM): one to the left and you'll have maybe two lines instead of. Three and. Abiodun Solomon (12:41 PM): Yeah, there you go. Abiodun Solomon (12:41 PM): All right. Abiodun Solomon (12:40 PM): Give me just a quick second. All right. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:39 PM): to actually have outlined because it, yeah, we're gonna move from one to like four problems each, right? But I think it encapsulates more. This is a very important slide because as soon as anybody it. explain it or just look at it, they will understand completely what the issue might be. You know what I mean? Yes, yes. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:39 PM): the size of the design on the left of the diagram. And then created a bit more space for both of them. Abiodun Solomon (12:39 PM): Yes, it's not showing up. That's not a point for the new one. This one says, I... Abiodun Solomon (12:39 PM): It says, it also says, it says, about complexity, complexity and AI. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:39 PM): is like the fireplace is. Abiodun Solomon (12:39 PM): combines two points. Which one? Okay, let's see. Abiodun Solomon (12:38 PM): Okay, I think it is. Let me compare with the existing one. Okay, so this one. Abiodun Solomon (12:38 PM): Do not use digital tools. due to high cost. Platforms are too expensive. to a smaller group of classes. Resistances are difficult to navigate. Long processes are limited access for a suitable time. Abiodun Solomon (12:38 PM): Yes, I'm considering. Abiodun Solomon (12:37 PM): Is that better? Abiodun Solomon (12:37 PM): All right. Let's go. Abiodun Solomon (12:37 PM): 1, 2, 3. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (12:37 PM): Welcome. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:36 PM): There we go. There we go. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:36 PM): I mean, something wiped us off, obviously. But it shows that I mean, you know, 30, 40,000 years. ago, we were already sailing across the sea. So yeah, insane, insane. Anyways, okay, so let me see. I think this one is much better. Yeah, there we go. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:36 PM): is now starting to show that they thought never. existed but now, you know, they were in writings from a long time ago but nobody had ever been able able to find them and now they're starting to show again. It's so cool, man. It's so cool to see. to see how... Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:35 PM): years. But what happened is that we had another type of civilization that was very advanced in science and archaeology and astrology and science, but very different to us, very different to because we're very technical. We're very technology oriented. Our civilization is very technology oriented, but But they found, like they're finding now in the Amazon. on in Latin America, like all these structures. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:35 PM): proof that it's more like 30, 40,000 years. years, not 6,000. And they have started to discover that we could date back to 300,000. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:35 PM): ago, you know, it's when we started and whatnot and that's how we dated them. oldest actual human beings as we know them. was right. and they're starting to find that they can't but they're starting, they can now. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:35 PM): Oh, no, there's two. So you have C part. one. Oh, no ancient Apocalypse, sorry, Ancient Apocalypse. We used to think that about 6,000 years ago, Abiodun Solomon (12:35 PM): Lots of it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:34 PM): Lost civilization, it's like by... I think Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:34 PM): ago. Oh, it's called here you want the name I'll give it I'll give you the name uh-huh the lost civilization of North America, that one. archaeologists used to think that we dated back to 6,000 years ago by Graham, right? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:33 PM): Man, I've been watching this show about lost civilization, the lost civilizations. It is, it is, oh wow. Holy smokes, like, it's mind-blowing. blowing. Not too long ago, we archaeologists used to think that our civilization was dated back to about 6,000 years. Abiodun Solomon (12:33 PM): Yeah. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (12:33 PM): Okay. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:33 PM): So that's a good start, but I'm going to make it shorter. OK. Abiodun Solomon (12:33 PM): for local landscape workers, some center workers are I've never used it before, but now it's a part of the course. We can probably actually hear. Abiodun Solomon (12:32 PM): costs, because they are expensive. I'm not sure if that's more of the nuances, along the iron processes. Thanks, Aaron. I'm checking with someone. There's a lack of connection. and stop it, could never do it right, but it did to me. I think I get that. Abiodun Solomon (12:32 PM): Where did it go? is a friendly and impressive technical knowledge. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (12:32 PM): Okay. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:32 PM): Yeah. Abiodun Solomon (12:32 PM): comment on what you said. I think they got Jacob is speaking from ULS. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:32 PM): and the in making the design smaller. Because it's a lot more text. Sorry, what were you asking me? I apologize. Abiodun Solomon (12:32 PM): Well, I think they could be speaking up. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (12:32 PM): Interesting. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:31 PM): I like dark jokes too. I like a little bit of everything. I like comedy in general. So I joke a lot, like about my dad or my mom or like when we're talking. So I always, they know, they don't put me on speakerphone. They know better. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:31 PM): I mean, I don't care. If you don't say it, that's fine with me. I respect you, but you respect me, you know, like and. And my mom knows, like if we're on the phone, I tell her, around people just don't put me on speaker phone. just looking for trouble because I'll you know like, man, I joke all the time. So like, I always have like really naughty jokes that I obviously can't say for calls and stuff. But But like I always have like really either. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:31 PM): My mom knows this, man. Like, I'm telling you, this is it. This is a known thing like I I've warned anybody that. knows me like I don't mean it and I don't. anything wrong with, you know, if you say a bad word here? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:31 PM): Yeah. You know. My brother Abiodun Solomon (12:30 PM): Not like casting a spell or something. What? I said it's not like you're casting. Well I just did, I just said a bad word. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:30 PM): Oh yes. Abiodun Solomon (12:30 PM): Thank goodness. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:30 PM): Okay, check this out, man. See, this is more like it. Now we're fucking talking. I'm sorry. Oh, geez, I forgot. do not have headphones, my bad. I'm the only one who can hear you. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:29 PM): Perfect, yeah, working on it right now. Abiodun Solomon (12:29 PM): Yes, and it's been group. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:29 PM): I don't know if we'll need it. them or not, but we might, if we need to. Maybe I'll reach out, but I guess, yeah. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:29 PM): Once I have the packet ready that I'm gonna create for. For the congress for the councilman the the politician that I'm meeting next week, I'll send it to you. To see if you can add any visuals to I mean, I don't know. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:28 PM): Can you copy that text that you that you road right there on on on that. and then send it to me real quick. I want to use that for something. and then just kind of get us an idea here. Abiodun Solomon (12:28 PM): Oh, OK. Abiodun Solomon (12:28 PM): All need to present in that conference. and lower income. Abiodun Solomon (12:28 PM): Thank you. people throughout the area. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:28 PM): that Moyle solves, right? 70% of. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:27 PM): 70% of okay, what else? What else? What else can we add here because I feel like. Like. Let me give you just. Second, I feel like we're missing what the true problem is. or more of the problem. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:27 PM): 25 minutes away. Wow. Because he's asked, he's asked this. You know, I mean, it's crazy. So I love it, man. Yeah, okay. Anyway, so let's see, where were we? So for workers, Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:27 PM): Right, so that's 90 straight days that I. get to spend with my parents that he probably doesn't. you get to spend the entire year, even though... Abiodun Solomon (12:27 PM): Easy. Sometimes I've had. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (12:27 PM): Whoa. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:27 PM): But in the end, I probably end up spending more time with them. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:27 PM): Almost 100% time together right other than when you sleep So we, you know, so my. When he sees them, it's either they go to a... on a vacation together or something like that, but. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:26 PM): see my parents more than he does. Because when I bring them here to spend time with us, I usually do it a month or two. you know, like at least a month. So then we actually spent, even if you do just one month, you spend 30 days straight of 100% time. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:26 PM): until they're staying on. until... when is it... January 3rd. Wow. Yeah, man, look, my brother and I have to talk about this. So my brother lives About 25 minutes away from my parents, right? But on average in a year, I see. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:26 PM): My parents arrived. next week, and they're staying Abiodun Solomon (12:26 PM): was on a visit. I've been around for three weeks now. Very nice. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:26 PM): Oh, okay. Like, two states. Abiodun Solomon (12:25 PM): four hours driving. Abiodun Solomon (12:25 PM): But it is about Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:25 PM): How close do you live to your parents? UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (12:25 PM): Okay. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:25 PM): due to complexity and high cost of existing tools. Abiodun Solomon (12:25 PM): tools due to complexities, right? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:25 PM): summarize there for now. Abiodun Solomon (12:25 PM): I think you just have it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:24 PM): Note that up here just so that we have the right structure. Okay, so just and I know it's repetitive, but 80% of SMBs. have never used these tools before. tools hiring, no digital, I've never use digital hiring tools due to complexity and high cost of existing options, right? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:24 PM): Does that make sense then? So big. 80% of SMBs UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (12:24 PM): Okay. Abiodun Solomon (12:24 PM): processes and struggle to connect to the right talent. Yeah, with the experience. Abiodun Solomon (12:24 PM): Thank you very much. We were at our opening now. Yeah, yeah. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:24 PM): Okay, so. Uh, where were we? Okay, Long Island. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:24 PM): I know for sure. And credit where it's due, credit where it's due, always. Abiodun Solomon (12:24 PM): Thank you. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:24 PM): Thank you. Abiodun Solomon (12:24 PM): Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, one point. We are proud to welcome you. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, absolutely. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:23 PM): have him on our team. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:23 PM): I just I earlier I wanted to share with you that that you have a very talented son. You know we are at Moyle here in the US. We are very proud to have him on our team. You know we we consider him part of the beginning and the future of our company. So. You know, just wanted to share. you that we are very, very happy and proud to Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:23 PM): I wanted just to mention that. Abiodun Solomon (12:23 PM): Your dad's back. Yes, yes. so sure, I apologize. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:23 PM): Oh, you're that guy, right? You say? Abiodun Solomon (12:23 PM): and struggle connecting with the right talent. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:23 PM): and struggle connecting with the right talent. Express long-RM processor. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:22 PM): hiring process. Abiodun Solomon (12:22 PM): Let me see, experience. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:22 PM): Okay. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:22 PM): experience long hiring process. Thank you. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:22 PM): for industries that have an immediate on demand. Or, um, 80%. of businesses have never used it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:21 PM): We'll get you my bigger screen. Alright, and then have never. blah, blah, blah, and then number two. We experience long hiring process. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:21 PM): And then, sorry, let me just move on. Abiodun Solomon (12:21 PM): Okay. Okay. Abiodun Solomon (12:21 PM): Peace. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:21 PM): Digital hiring tool, sorry. Okay, yeah. Abiodun Solomon (12:21 PM): have never used digital tools. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (12:21 PM): questions. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:20 PM): tools to hire. Due to complex due to the complexity and high cost of existing office. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:20 PM): that we stopped, right? And then on the next line. On number one, we would Oh, actually on the right here where you say you have been. Well, no, that's fine. And then on number one, you would something like have never used digital. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:20 PM): And then we. and doing blah, blah, blah to boom, blah, blah, blah. b SMBs have trouble hiring. Let me think. Let me think. Okay, 80% Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:19 PM): something a little bit more animated like the ones that you've been using. Lately or or I don't know, I don't know what your thoughts are. We need to fix some things here, right? 80% of SMBs have trouble. Maybe we can is more like 80% of SMBs have trust. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:19 PM): because we can make some notes to it. Okay, light now. You've done some changes on the type design that you're making on MOYL or the kind of content that you're creating. Is there anything you would change here? I think maybe even the little that you're using like on the problem, right? Maybe. Abiodun Solomon (12:19 PM): Yeah, let's go slide by slide Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:19 PM): I'm going to do it one Jacob. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:19 PM): All right, all right, all right, let's do this. Okay, salute bitch. He said I know you're not frozen. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (12:19 PM): Perfect. Abiodun Solomon (12:19 PM): Thank you. Thank you. I share with you. Thank you. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:19 PM): In our company, we really really appreciate appreciate having him on board working with us. So yeah, very, very proud of him. Thank you. I will leave. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:18 PM): Hey, how you doing? Nice to meet you. I just want to say you have a very He's a very talented son. Abiodun Solomon (12:18 PM): I love that. How are you? Thank you. I'm blind. Did you think I was frozen? Abiodun Solomon (12:18 PM): And there's no dusting. That's my dad. Abiodun Solomon (12:18 PM): Welcome, sir. Welcome. Thank you. Go on, go on. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (12:18 PM): Hello. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (12:18 PM): Yes. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:17 PM): the events that we're going to, the partnerships that we're creating, you know what I mean? So we want to make sure that we're actually doing that. This is a beach. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:17 PM): And maybe we can, maybe we can't. of go through it and make a couple of changes. the actual design. Pitches should be actually updated once a month. I think what I'm going to do is I'm going to give you. I'm gonna send you because we miss of opportunity on putting on the pitches that Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:17 PM): All right, so then that's that one and then for For the pitch, I wanted us to look at it any version that I can that I can have. I can change the data, at least the data. necessarily by the data. Abiodun Solomon (12:16 PM): All right, I'm back. Abiodun Solomon (12:16 PM): One second, one second. Abiodun Solomon (12:16 PM): Oh, there was a. Maybe. Yes. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:15 PM): I sent you this guy's info. so you can see his face, maybe you can put him next to me. I don't know what image we can use of me. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:15 PM): So yeah, I'm gonna try to stick with what I know and what I have. And then. Alright, so I sent you these guys. Abiodun Solomon (12:15 PM): That's awesome. Very, very expensive. Yeah, so. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:15 PM): I mean, the case is ridiculous because you have to take it out of the case. to open it, I think, or something. I don't know. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:15 PM): and break it, you know, so not. I'm not clumsy. I'm just, you know, like sometimes. I leave sitting there, I leave things sitting there, I forget. bang them off the table or something and have screaming breaks, you know, so. There's no there's no there's no case for this. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:14 PM): Because I don't have unused for it. I have my sound my my eyes iPhone. And I, yeah, honestly, yeah. I'm too clumsy, man. I'm too clumsy. I don't want to drop that shit. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (12:14 PM): Yes. Abiodun Solomon (12:14 PM): Like, why are you not keeping it? Why am I not keeping it? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:14 PM): You know, like, if it's not, where are you going to go? What's that? Yes, good point. Abiodun Solomon (12:14 PM): You spend the money there. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:14 PM): and then I'll just pay it off here and, you know, sell it there. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:14 PM): Yeah, we need to... look and see, you know, maybe it could be a cool a good idea to send it down. Abiodun Solomon (12:14 PM): I think I've used about five or four. Love you. Nice. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:14 PM): a Samsung device. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:13 PM): When I worked at team. I actually always have the latest note. Uh, the latest note device or like the note from the note six or note eight. all the way to like whenever I left. have time. So like for the last I think yeah for the last thing years have an iPhone, but here and there I'll have a, I'll have a, uh, Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:13 PM): And I had, oh, what was that? was that a blackberry? I can't remember. Yeah, it was He was a full screen. He was pretty cool. But then after that he was I think I had maybe one sound. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:13 PM): apps or anything like that that was in Colombia and then Abiodun Solomon (12:13 PM): Very nice. Yeah. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:13 PM): What did I have? I had Nokia's when I was at home. The old ones, very old ones, so you guys don't even know. know what I'm talking about probably and then. No, it was uh, it was like nokia 51 20 five. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:12 PM): I've always used I think I think I had. Abiodun Solomon (12:12 PM): Okay. Nigerians are crazy about iPads. iPhones or after iPhones. You see some me for example Samsung since 2014. in the last 10 years. Oluwa Jacobi (12:12 PM): One ground. Abiodun Solomon (12:12 PM): going to ship in. Let me check. I will quickly check. How's Unboxed? He said. I said it's thousand books. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (12:12 PM): Bye. $1,000. Abiodun Solomon (12:11 PM): I think they do. Oh, 5-7, that's a long story. Six. Abiodun Solomon (12:11 PM): from say, Amazon. I don't think Amazon's... So, um, Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:11 PM): Yeah, I wonder how much be from here to Nigeria with insurance. For example. Abiodun Solomon (12:11 PM): where you know shipping and... UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (12:11 PM): Yes. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:11 PM): profit. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:11 PM): So that was like a 300. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (12:11 PM): Okay. Abiodun Solomon (12:11 PM): That's why I don't. Is about $1,000. Abiodun Solomon (12:10 PM): Two right now it's about. This is one. $1.5 million. and how many dollars would that be? I don't know if it's a great operator. Abiodun Solomon (12:10 PM): and see food. Z for five. Yeah and see. I'll check it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:10 PM): Even at the at the at the dollar rate. Yes, it's a let me for example. Abiodun Solomon (12:10 PM): Yes, like evening dollars. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:10 PM): So, so they're definitely more expensive than they're here. Abiodun Solomon (12:09 PM): Oh well. I don't know the current price. Well, our exchange to use the. around 1,600. Yeah. Yeah, so Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:09 PM): discussed there. Abiodun Solomon (12:09 PM): I got. How much is a phone like. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:09 PM): I just sent it in the Oh, is Akoa back? Oh no, that was you who joined on your screen. That's funny. Oh, definitely. Abiodun Solomon (12:09 PM): image from here. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:09 PM): Okay, here you can still hear. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:09 PM): OK. There we go. So maybe we can use, yeah, I think we can use. this image. He used it for his LinkedIn. He probably doesn't give a shit. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:08 PM): but actually start thinking about how to grow their money and how to save money, how to put money aside, how to start setting some goals, financial goals, because a lot of the people that come through immigration are not very financially literate. So yeah, anyways, very good connection, very good focus there. Let me see if he has a picture on his LinkedIn, Julian. Sanchez And um... Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:07 PM): they charge you money. If you deposit in a bank account, you're not going to be charged. You know, you have something in your name. Yes, you can open an account if it's not a if you're not a legal resident of the US. So there's a lot of opportunities there that we that it's good. Right. I mean, eventually you're going to work and you need to put that money somewhere. So there's a very good connection there. And I worked in banking for six years. Right. I mean, so I was the store manager for, you know, the largest largest store in all of Kansas and Nebraska and the largest in that store 95% of our customers were Latino men and they had no idea what they were doing. Our entire focus was on helping them actually build, you know, not just. make a living pay after pay. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:07 PM): time count, right? I mean, and sometimes, you know, as much as it's an opportunity for him, it's an opportunity for me, you know, for him to sell his products to our Latino community and kind of share it out there in the public. And for us to, you know, to kind of jump, you know, piggy, you know, Can I jump on? the banking thought of, like the connection between banking and working, right? Where are you going to put your money? paid, you know, who, you know, where are you going to deposit? their money. If you if you cash it, you know. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:06 PM): Uh, okay. Yeah, I'm not gonna, I was like, I'm not this at that. I was, so I messaged him back and I was like, uh, we had the call at 11. I jumped off at 1117 because, uh, you, uh, didn't join. And I had another call. Let me know a good time and then I'll show you what I got. look, you know, we we gotta we gotta make our Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:06 PM): pretty much have the call ready for us. And he's like, oh, yeah, and he goes It was so funny because I don't think he. Oh, yeah, man, no problem Don't worry, don't worry about it. It sounds good. I'll talk to you soon and I was like Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:06 PM): it's I had a call with him at 11 and he was a no-show. So and I just kind of like to. I really questions to give it some guidance. So I messaged him and I was like, hey man, I had to jump off the I don't think he understood though, because I was like, I had to jump off the. call, but let me know a better time. Let's get this rolling. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:05 PM): You know, just add a couple, we added two or three. You know, I mean, well now we're all making a bit more money. Well, now you guys for making a bit more money, and that's the idea. We'll see. We'll see. All right. Yeah, let me do you want a picture of this guy? Let me see Yes, a LinkedIn uhm. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:05 PM): Um, so yeah, I mean, we'll. We'll see. I mean, we'll see. I told Jacob we could try with one. If he thinks it shouldn't be a very. Complex like it should be. process maybe a day or two we can get something going for, for you know, know, I think we can make, I don't know. 50 to $350 on it, why not? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:04 PM): posts for social media and they post. You know, we'll create, you know, Just kind of think like very basic. Very basic stuff for very basic. you know what I mean? That would help us out a bit. of revenue to you guys. You know, just kind of a, you know, obviously the revenue. between whoever's working on it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:04 PM): because they're going to be simple, like the signs and whatnot, we can do, you know, as much as AI, you know, and then just kind of link their socials, open their socials and then that's it. But the idea would be that if we can on the site, we'll start, I'm trying to tell Jacob, I'm going to try and find you guys a little extra work. So. will become like their, you know, will create their little Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:04 PM): So I've been jumping through all the work that I create. little websites for them like very. to a that it Oh, actually, you know, my team will hook it up for you guys. for three fifty or you know, I mean, if they three fifty just Abiodun Solomon (12:04 PM): The other. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:04 PM): What a bunch of idiots. Oh, wow. They should have hired you, man, like, you know? Abiodun Solomon (12:03 PM): Do you see what I'm talking about? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:03 PM): That's why I don't have Inside of my house because it's very unpredictable. All right, so Did you see the pain? Yes. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:03 PM): I just wouldn't do it to my family, you know? If I was in a cold. Like I would have my headphones every. Abiodun Solomon (12:03 PM): There's so much that can go wrong. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:03 PM): Probably he can't. He's in the kitchen. I know, but you guys, whenever we're in meetings, With me you guys have to wear your headphones like it's unacceptable that you will put your families through this There's so much. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:02 PM): Yeah, it's truist.com. And it's. Two H's but it's the week and It's truly two cheese laying down, but do the fuck I don't know, sorry. Oh my God, you. I don't have your headphones on, my bad. Jeez, your wife would... Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:02 PM): Oh, you found it. Okay. I had no idea. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Hold on. Limitruist Bank. Abiodun Solomon (12:02 PM): behavior. I had no idea. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:02 PM): website. You know you you've seen those little um like the ones that you see YouTube all the time where there's like the cutouts of the two people and then like a background you know? Yes. Yes. Okay, cool. Cool. Yeah, I'm glad. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:01 PM): moving on to the actual podcast. But image for this first one, just as you know, a single image that we can use for the cover. The bank is called Truist Bank. Let me send you the web. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:01 PM): with the problems that we are talking about, the problems that we are solving. And I just, you know, for a month or so until we get that, you know, that idea of the life podcast going. then I'll try and interview a couple of people like this. you know, kind of started the idea of talking. people, interviewing them, sharing some thoughts, and then Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:01 PM): So I'll start with this guy, but my idea is. to actually bring on a couple of people. I'm going to start looking for people that are blue collar skilled labor workers. and small businesses that struggle. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:01 PM): And then just kind of building our community if we're able to get the pot So, look, my idea is. do a couple of these videos like the one I'm going to do with this guy. And then in a month or so once I have everything prepared for the first podcast. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:00 PM): So, we'll see. I mean, that's the idea, right? I mean, like, going back to like, I'm not spending money. I'm building partnerships and relationships to try and build as much as we possibly can. I'd much rather extend the pay for you guys for months. than actually have to spend money on other things. when I can just be going to the events and trying to do the working, bringing the people to social media with the work that guys do with the work I'm doing now. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:00 PM): That's that would be the goal to have someone that would just leave that and then I'll figure out a portion of the Revenue from the podcast there only the podcast would go to him nothing related to boil. You know what I mean? So yeah Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:00 PM): if you would like to work on this together as a partnership, or if you want to give me a call to work on this as a project. Because honestly, I know nothing about audiovisuals, and we want to do something that is well done. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:00 PM): you know, for for companies. So I told him and I said, look, man. I'm thinking about doing this. Tell me, let me know. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:59 AM): talk to a guy that does video He's called Ray Kastner. media. He's on our Instagram, Raycast Media. So he has He says it's more common. where he's doing video recording and. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:59 AM): in event, you know, on the spot hiring event or construction or. for cleaning, right? And every week it just changes. But then you see people and we can get involved, the same people we have. today, but then obviously the idea is to. the message out to the podcast. We'll start eventually. I mean, I already. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:59 AM): on directly from their profile. file or a notification that says hey a little pop-up that says, hey, register now. You know, only people who already have a profile. with those who register now for the upcoming Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:58 AM): Once people create a profile every week. when we have like opening surveillance. The show that you know for the for the interview. to a Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:58 AM): That's it. It's all goes back to link tomorrow. Always, every single time they have to hire directly tomorrow. They'll send you the decision card directly tomorrow. You have to be on board to be able to sign up. have to be already have a profile. on that resume on Moyle, right? All of these things. then once people create a Maybe I can even talk to the developers about that. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:58 AM): around as much as we can so we can get. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:58 AM): My entire idea with this is to move. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:58 AM): establish a little footprint in Austin, then the goal would be 100% to take this to San Antonio. to huge Oh hi, already see. I'm Houston. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (11:58 AM): R Abiodun Solomon (11:58 AM): The so will it be. be holding in one city. mobile. Well, that's it. Abiodun Solomon (11:57 AM): Hmm, I think it's a brilliant idea. Uh. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:57 AM): that maybe don't get hired by the panel and in other. that are hoping for a chance of coming on stage to talk about their skills. See what I'm saying? So, what are you saying? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:57 AM): And that will become a live podcast where eventually. try to have an audience right where we have an audience. is that it could be either other that are looking to also hire people Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:57 AM): get people hired right there on the spot by. that are currently hiring. in minutes, right? So like you came out, you told about what you're good at, what you know how to do. We asked you some questions. We like it. Hey, let's talk more. We're hiring See what I'm saying? Like boom, boom, boom. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:56 AM): that already has some oil profile before they can join the podcast, they will scan the QR code and literally send a decision card to that person right there and then if they're interested, right? So, you know, if we do one week construction, then we... Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:56 AM): and then they would scan from a from a We'll have like a projector that will show the kids. your code to the person's profile so the company Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:56 AM): their experience fits the jobs that this. people are hiring for and then for. minutes, they explained that and then the panel. questions in hopes that they get hired on the spot. spot. Like literally right Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:56 AM): And then you have the panel. and then you have one person, well, not one person. multiple people are going to sign up but they come out and for one minute, they talk about how. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:55 AM): what we have a stage right and then there's a table. there's a panel where there's five, let's say five. companies. Every week, we're going to do it like will do construction let's next week we'll do cleaning, then painting, then plumbers, then HVAC. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:55 AM): to do a live podcast basically where So we have a table. Abiodun Solomon (11:55 AM): Oh, shit. So I have plans. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:55 AM): I told you about it. You know about the last podcast, right? No, not yet. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:55 AM): these interviews because of my idea of There's not a single person, I swear, there's not a... single person I've told about the podcast idea that has told me, oh, that's a bad idea. love it. They love it because they say that is so awesome. you can actually do this part live. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:54 AM): tell people like, Hey, we're going to do this. I don't expect many people to. but maybe some people do and we get but then also to use it as you know. to post it on YouTube, to post our first video. on YouTube, you know. I want to start doing a couple of. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:54 AM): I'll look at that, but with that image, just to kind of. Abiodun Solomon (11:54 AM): Can you do Instagram alone? allows collaboration online, but I don't know if Facebook can do it. Okay. All right. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (11:54 AM): Well, Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:54 AM): that you're gonna create on Facebook to like... tell people that, hey, we're going to do this live or maybe Maybe we can do a live. done a live before, but maybe we can do a live. But in the life he has to be here with me, right? It can't be like a alive. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:54 AM): I'll record this Zoom call. Or yeah, because that's the one that lets you do the two. You know, so I'll record this soon this group call. Maybe we can edited or maybe we just add the front. We can I want to put the email Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:53 AM): to do with this guy. He works in banking. I'm going to interview him, ask him questions, and that's for any day this week, right? So, as soon as we have the image, I'll just tell him, hey, let's jump on a Zoom call. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:53 AM): the people in your, you know, in the 300,000 that you represent out of a million people in Austin. what we can help them you know do for them. So anyway, so for. for this video that. just kind of getting back to where we were at but for the video that I'm Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:53 AM): interview you and talk about what you're doing. No, we know what he's doing, here's how we can help. your constituents. Here's how we can help. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:53 AM): than other communities in the area. the US. So those type of things is the things that I want to sit down with him and talk to him about and say, you know, we're going to have that meeting next Wednesday, right? So again, it's about not, Oh, Hey, I want to. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:52 AM): or other ethnicities or you know, yeah. I mean, it's just, and it's the same thing for. Americans is probably either 10% I mean five, 10% difference. Latino, but still much higher. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:52 AM): Look, unemployment rate. Latino population in Texas. us is 100% higher. 100% higher than other other parts of the population. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:52 AM): politician was the same thing. I emailed them and said, this is what we're focused on. This is how we're helping the Latino community, and this is what I think you know, I you would want to know about because. because you are very focused on the Latino community. businesses and people alike. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:52 AM): have a meeting for November 3rd. She wants to know more about. oil. And that's what we're going to do. We're going to have our cook. Same thing was with the politician, right? UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (11:52 AM): Exactly. Abiodun Solomon (11:52 AM): So what's that? I say you are coming from sales anyways. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:52 AM): Right. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:51 AM): I'm not saying, oh, hey, I wanna subscribe to your Chamber of Commerce. Of course I do, fuck yeah, because there's a lot of good resources, because there's a lot of amazing organizations in the Chambers of Commerce. But I want to tell her that I don't want to pay. Instead of saying I don't want to pay right now, I said I'm looking for a partnership. where I can benefit the members of the Chamber of Commerce. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:51 AM): and put ourselves same level and said, I'm looking for a partnership. with the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce to be able to help empower Right. So from the get go, I'm Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:51 AM): here, you have to pay to be a member. You know, $200 a month. you know, sometimes $500 a year, you know, just depends. on the cause, but it's a cost, right? that we don't want to have. So what I did is I emailed her. I emailed directly the president of the Chamber of Commerce. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:50 AM): you know, sometimes again, you know, it's about. It's about taking some time to build. to really get the name out there. And I think the more we go to these events and the the more I partner with these organizations, look like. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, right? I think I told you guys today for the Chambers of Commerce. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:50 AM): in town. And now I'm starting to go to places. like, oh, hey, Andrés from Moyo, right? Yeah, I've either seen. you on social media on someone's page or I you know I've I've heard about you because you've been working with Moyle and blah, blah, blah. And that's really cool, right? I mean, we're slowly. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:50 AM): $150 event and that we went to it for free, you know, so So, you know, we went to it for free, man. We got invited. So I always take advantage, man, because I try to I've spent so much time building relationships with people here. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:50 AM): a good because we can always jump on a call with someone you know I mean like we can always jump on a demo and be like yeah fuck it we don't have any money you know give it to us for free and we'll try You know, like. Dude, look, I mean, believe it or not, man. Believe it or not, you think that's funny? that I just went to on Friday, that was a 700. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:49 AM): Okay. What did you get out of, I haven't even looked into it. I just, I can't, I can't remembe
