---
type: transcript
---

# Meeting Transcript: 2024-10-07-marketing-call
**Date:** 2024-10-07
**Type:** meeting-transcript

Oct 7, 2024 | Marketing Call Invited Guests : jacob@moilapp.com, ablad@moilapp.com, andres@moilapp.com, dafne.gutierrez114@gmail.com Live Note s | Read Meeting Report ———————— Live Transcript (02:12 PM): Abiodun Solomon (02:10 PM): Thank you. Abiodun Solomon (02:10 PM): Uh-huh. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:10 PM): Have a great rest of your day. Thank you. Bye-bye. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (02:10 PM): Thank you so much. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:10 PM): the meeting for tomorrow is it yeah well yeah Jacob's gonna get a schedule on and he'll send it to your model app email so please turn those notifications on thank you Yes. All right. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (02:10 PM): Oh, yeah, what was that? Oh, no, yeah, so you'll send them. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:10 PM): Thank you guys. Talk soon. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:09 PM): Thank you very much. Have a wonderful rest of your day. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:09 PM): Yes, sir. I'll send it right now. All right, guys, thank you. Thank you very much. Sorry it was a long. We don't have this anymore. Jacob Oluwole (02:09 PM): For Instagram? Yeah. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:09 PM): The password for? Jacob Oluwole (02:09 PM): We can do this, we can. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:09 PM): Yeah, and then social media. posting and then let's get that going guys please. All right, sorry. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:09 PM): posting on social media. social media. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:09 PM): He's just waiting there, he's not listening no more. for 1030 then let's just schedule this. and then we'll go, we'll figure out for now. Next week, but for now, let's yeah. Can we please get the schedule call? We just call it. Jacob Oluwole (02:08 PM): this evening and see what I can find. then go to the team. Okay. Jacob Oluwole (02:08 PM): We just want to meet and discuss whatever. Today was used to text, just touch the base. So actually, I want to text. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:08 PM): Jacob, do you have any deliveries tomorrow? Any updates tomorrow? Today or tomorrow? tomorrow, tomorrow. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:08 PM): Could you have a meeting of every day or night? We have a 930 so we can well. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (02:08 PM): be after you guys meeting, right? Dafne Gutierrez Loya (02:08 PM): Okay, yes. So tomorrow, well, it will. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:08 PM): Dafne, just let us know what time works for you. We'll put it on there just to kind of go once once we. we get that over and then you can do it on your own time or We can do it all on our own times. But just so that we can catch you kind of. Accustomed to it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:07 PM): Um, you know, just jump on a call. Can we get a schedule call if it's okay? do a week in advance if not. We can do two weeks in advance. with and you can send her an invite for the next week or two but let's get. on the marketing group. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:07 PM): What can we do? Can we have a call schedule? Remember I said I want you to show for at least the next week or two weeks Dafne every day. Maybe you guys do the posting together. Jacob Oluwole (02:07 PM): He said, can we have work scheduled tonight? Jacob Oluwole (02:07 PM): What's that? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:07 PM): I only have one. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:07 PM): schedule on the marketing group for. for the daily calls. to put a job post. So, we can do the job post, I mean, the posting please. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:07 PM): But then, Jacob, can you guys, can we get something? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:07 PM): And then. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:06 PM): Yes, good if any ideas any thoughts anything that comes up let us know Thursday We have our marketing call at 8.30. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (02:06 PM): I mean, I hope that was helpful. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (02:06 PM): I appreciate you. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:06 PM): Alright guys, thank you so much for your time. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (02:06 PM): there. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:06 PM): so you can't even blame me I didn't do that. Someone has very selective spots for his market. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:06 PM): And look who the owner is. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:06 PM): Exactly. Thank you. So she, he always had some type of. Jacob Oluwole (02:06 PM): Oh, but now you have Now you can actually edit things around. Jacob Oluwole (02:06 PM): to have access to it, yeah, I see. Jacob Oluwole (02:05 PM): I'll talk in a minute So he did that as a member of the team. I cannot tell you how safe it is. Oh, you don't Jacob Oluwole (02:05 PM): Okay. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:05 PM): So I just sent him actually that's hilarious. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:05 PM): But that's so weird. Abiodun Solomon (02:05 PM): because it's an emergency. But it's always part of the death path I know, but I haven't Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:05 PM): is going to be joining the, I have not even finished the. and you had already deleted his in shelf in the marketing. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:05 PM): Is he like a ninja? As soon as we said Dafne, as soon as we're like, oh, Dafne. Jacob Oluwole (02:05 PM): No, I see what he did. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:05 PM): What are you up to? Abiodun Solomon (02:05 PM): Stop it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:05 PM): Jacob, stop deleting yourself, man. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (02:05 PM): Sorry. Abiodun Solomon (02:05 PM): And Jacob not there. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:05 PM): I'm looking at the thing. is marketing folder and he says people with access, Abba, Dafne. My wife, she was helping us with the content for that week. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:04 PM): In that my wig why does he jacob? Why isn't Jacob have access to the marketing folder? there. Jacob Oluwole (02:04 PM): Good boy. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:04 PM): Pikachu out! Abiodun Solomon (02:04 PM): You don't have access Daaang! Abiodun Solomon (02:04 PM): It's not on the marketing, I mean, it's not on the mall file. It's a separate file. It's like a group of templates I got. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:04 PM): and then we'll go over them. Okay. Okay. Good. Abiodun Solomon (02:04 PM): No, it's not on. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:04 PM): Now, the brush is down. Oh, okay, okay. You're letting me know that you have him. Abiodun Solomon (02:04 PM): Yes, but my system is off now. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:04 PM): I think you said you have the template, you said you have them in your system? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:04 PM): Over me. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:03 PM): Okay, go yeah, go for it. So go ahead and share your screen if you want. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:03 PM): couple of weeks make sure that we can help her out as much as we can. can. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:03 PM): And then we can see. Obviously, we're going to be able to see how we can help Dafne. were kind of, you know, throughout the process. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:03 PM): September, August, June, October. Yeah, let's just leave it like that for now. If we ever need to add other, obviously, you can continue to do so. So, September and I'm going to add this document just on here. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:03 PM): Okay, perfect. Okay, so then, yeah. I just renamed it to marketing folder and then inside. this one we can start creating different. Right. So we're. We're gonna have... Abiodun Solomon (02:03 PM): Oh, it's the parent folder. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:02 PM): marketing from my perspective. campaign to marketing folder what is the What is the parent folder of that folder? parent folder to it or is that the parent folder? Abiodun Solomon (02:02 PM): it. Abiodun Solomon (02:02 PM): Yeah, I got some on my. the Abiodun Solomon (02:02 PM): Oh, yes. Abiodun Solomon (02:02 PM): Last week you told me to find email templates. Abiodun Solomon (02:02 PM): Anything you guys want to add? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:02 PM): Guys, you want to add anything? Dafne Gutierrez Loya (02:02 PM): The apps and looking at what I had on the email. All right, so it looks good. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (02:02 PM): I was just looking at What I downloaded Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:01 PM): So yeah, anything you want to add? to add I'll go ahead and send you guys this I'll send it I'll probably send it to your add it to Google Drive or something Yes. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:01 PM): Any questions, anything? you want to add to this story. I know this took a long time. We have to get the access and all of that stuff done. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:01 PM): And then hopefully that transfers to also. increase on movement towards the website? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:01 PM): seem like a spam. Maybe next week we can talk a little bit more about this because we do want to try to make sure If we start seeing. three months on our social media. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:01 PM): Oh, hey, have you tried Moil? Always try to engage in kind of like, not necessarily the industry. but kind of relating to the person. found work here or a lot of people have found jobs in this website so that it doesn't. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:00 PM): Okay, engagement training. I think I think this is More than training, it's kind of like review. of the type of comments that that we leave on people's profiles. profiles, not profiles but on their comments. We answered, like I said, where can I find it? job. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:00 PM): You know, now we can just I mean, again, if we can schedule. them at the right times, then maybe we a higher impact as well. And I bet. I bet you that different types of posts have different types of times, right? Like a post or a, or is it a real story? So, anyways. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:00 PM): That's not obviously fair to ask. Or to comment that late at night, but you. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:00 PM): We would obviously want to be able to post in the best. you know, if it's at 11 a.m. here. There's 1 post is like 6 PM. That's 2. like 1 a.m. for Jacob Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:00 PM): They exist and we obviously. He would want to. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:59 PM): And then that's another thing that we're working on is trying to get the post out at the time that is relevant. event for people to see it. impact times, right? Because I do believe there's Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:59 PM): Yeah, well, and that's the idea. Right, you have everything either ahead of or. So that it's not too late because we all know, right? Jacob Oluwole (01:59 PM): Yeah, I don't think why we like scheduling posts So we can have more time with them. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:59 PM): But anyways, so sorry, I think. I think either I was done or I forgot where I was going with that. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:59 PM): Or this other person is asking about, you know, where can I hire a person? Thanks like that. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:58 PM): is that then you can focus the other time on actually engaging with community, right? Or, you know, community engagement or liking pages of companies that you see that are in Austin that fit our market. You know, things like that, you know, where we're just kind of scrolling and. Oh, look, this guy is asking about where can I find a job? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:58 PM): the day the day the next day or you guys can post if it's early enough, we can schedule the content for that day. Um, what I like about scheduling. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:58 PM): Um, so you guys can either schedule. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:58 PM): I think for now, you and Dafne… That's why I was asking Jacob should actually do. A daily call and I can join the day. that I can but you guys can have a daily call early in the morning. wanting to go over. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:58 PM): it on there and then we on Monday we get there and then we start we can either on Monday just separate the time to. to post everything for the week and we can make it a call if you guys want. We can make it a call. We post Once we get to that point that we have enough content that we. it like that or if we have two three days again same thing. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:57 PM): week he's working on content, right? And that content is for next week. This week we're actually posting the content that he created last week, right? So that would be great. He already put that all in the folder on. on Friday or Saturday at the end of the week. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:57 PM): Again, we have now more hands on this, right? Here's where I want us to get to imagine the point. We're now Abled, right? Abled girls. there and then he has this entire Jacob Oluwole (01:57 PM): Okay, so you're doing Danny, okay. Jacob Oluwole (01:57 PM): working on this, this week. So I think, so I. So tomorrow, I believe. a lot more is already in progress. As soon as it goes it, I just let's get it down for. respective time that we need to post them. Jacob Oluwole (01:56 PM): So no, each year they used to do weekly, like once you have the calendar, like all the posts on the calendar. I will schedule them weekly. But lately, I've been doing things like this. because most times we already have like Previous kind of like, I'm just working on it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:56 PM): But I don't know. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:56 PM): I've called you a ninja too. I love it. Wait till we tell Taiwan and Steve. Jacob Oluwole (01:56 PM): He's here. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:56 PM): I honestly think that, yeah. Jacob, are you scheduling your post? Like weekly daily Did the ninja drop again Oh no, he's here. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:56 PM): Yeah, I mean we if we want product that we've just got to give them the time to be able to create any. Okay, so Um, I, I, I. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:56 PM): or what I really wanted it to be. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:55 PM): I just always want to make sure that Abla doesn't feel pressured in the moment of the design because that think of it as that's the artistic part of the of the process right because and under pressure. no fun because you just got to create things. very quickly and I, you know, I didn't They need enough time to actually think about how they should. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:55 PM): every week, but the guys have done a great job. They really have stayed on top of it creatively. content every week so we can get. that point of like, you know, now the calendar has two weeks. in advance. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:55 PM): back, you know, by Apple, but, you know, for now we can. focus on at least having a week or two, always having work through in advance so that we're not putting. And I think Jacob and Avalyn have done a great job. We used to struggle with that a little bit. how guys we used to struggle with, you know, kind of being in touch. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:55 PM): Hopefully we can do a month or two months, you know, I mean, a month out or two months out, maybe eventually do a quarter of marketing. Right. It's just getting created, you know. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:54 PM): always of the calendar. Right. not necessarily the content created. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:54 PM): Ideally, and again, It's four of us now, so ideally we would want to have a week or two out. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:54 PM): But that's where we add the content weekly. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:54 PM): That's not gonna make any sense right now. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:54 PM): Perfect. So then obviously that's going to look a lot better. and their phones come tonight. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:54 PM): Yes, I can see it now. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:54 PM): You're going to open the Excel file or the Google Sheets file. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:54 PM): Oh, got it. Okay, got it. Then, yes, perfect. Abiodun Solomon (01:54 PM): And the driver the same thing I think I want Google Sheets. Abiodun Solomon (01:54 PM): Yeah. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:54 PM): Oh, okay. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:54 PM): Marketing campaign. Oh, marketing campaign. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:53 PM): Documents that you have access to okay? Or, or the emails that you got one should be called social. media. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:53 PM): Oh, Adela did. OK. so check on the. Abiodun Solomon (01:53 PM): When I was sending out the drive, I was worried about the calendar. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:53 PM): I don't know. Yes, I had that. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:53 PM): Okay, loving. And then the. content. You guys, Jacob, did you guys go? Yeah, she's just. Miss seeing the content calendar. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (01:53 PM): Perfect. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:53 PM): Yeah, so I like that on Facebook. be like some changes, but like that said. a good startup. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:53 PM): For the Spanish speaker, because it tells you like, it's. both in English and Spanish like the title and everything and the description that it feel like what royal does. Yeah. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:52 PM): For the Facebook? On the Facebook what? you know how I told you that it's more for Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:52 PM): changes to make it more, you know. I don't know, more of what it's actually... used or do we already have? that. Yes. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:52 PM): You know, can we change it? Do we change it? right and the same thing for Starting there, you know, that's what I... I think that's kind of what I mean when you think of an it is, kind of looking at it, where can we start making Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:52 PM): you know, that kind of a description of it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:52 PM): resume builder. Well anyways you can look at. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:52 PM): job alerts and the idea that we can actually that out because we're not doing the daily job alerts anymore. more we used to, we're not anymore. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:51 PM): or think of ideas. I mean, and actually this goes to everybody. I was just when I was. Logging in earlier to give you access and logging in again on the profile. If you want to change what he says on. already changed it before but it says daily Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:51 PM): Now, I do want you to look on And for example, on Instagram, like our... Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:51 PM): Okay, audit. Well, this is just I mean, an audit. It is worse of a review right social media. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:51 PM): you know, so that they can see the rest. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:51 PM): you know, and the guys do a great job at this. because they create, you know, other crazy content. the captain of the post? We always focus on the call to action, but but, you know, we always had. got to have that, that know that the poll every time has to do one of the two either taken to the website or take him to the profile somehow so that they Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:51 PM): like the other information. Exactly. I love to see that. That's it, that's it, it's those hooks, it's just getting, that's all we gotta do. to our page, either Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:51 PM): And then they get into the... to the website or into the page. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:50 PM): be like long videos or even talking just Like you in there? something else and then just have a. like a catchy caption and then. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:50 PM): I'm down. I'm down. We can make that happen. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:50 PM): We put the idea together again. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:50 PM): But, but yes, I mean. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:50 PM): And, yeah, it was it was it was insane. So, so. Okay, now, if we have the ideas, the guys have. before again, you know, of recording a video. where I kind of tell the story, I think is what it was, guys, right? I can't invite people to more. So we'll get back together on that and kind of have this conversation. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:50 PM): I knew everything that I wanted to say, but the fact that I was. video myself and I had to like look at myself recording it and I mean, it was just a nightmare. recorded this thing probably like a hundred times. even though I knew it from beginning to end. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:49 PM): And like, but you should have seen me when I was. preparing for the pitch on a competition. that you know we participated in. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:49 PM): Recording a video of myself is It's probably the hardest thing. I can talk six hours straight about oil. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:49 PM): engaging to them. Very good. Yeah, and we want to do that right. that presence. We want to, you know, to To be able to. I think I. This is a lot of my fault too, right? Because I'm the one that's... here and I do most of the content in person but I'm terrible. Honestly, I really am. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:49 PM): Oh, yes, no, I was just like. that those things work. as silly as they might seem, but it's something catchy. like that people actually see that it's Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:49 PM): Sorry about that. I make it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:48 PM): But you're absolutely right. I love it. Okay, good. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:48 PM): Who changes in warehousing industry changes in the construction industry demand, you know, pay. How much money do people make you know all those things? that we can either turn them into posts. or use part of the news article. to create the post. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:48 PM): I love that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. and we can do that. Remember guys how I sent you in the marketing group before those news? I send them news articles too and I'll continue to do that. like employment articles, you know. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:48 PM): that are interesting, not necessarily from royal. but like stories or videos. that are interesting. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:47 PM): He has already like 600 and we haven't been used posting like constantly, but those things and like reach a lot of people. will send the videos and also on Instagram. share stories from like different animals. So maybe that can. help with more like sharing post that. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:47 PM): Sorry, go ahead. Sorry. Go ahead. Okay. Yes. No, I just want to share something. I have a, um, cause I seen it on my dog's Instagram and tick tock how it's been growing. Um, cause we make reels and we. And it went from like zero to... Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:47 PM): And I want to share some Give me just a second. I'm sorry. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:47 PM): commenting on posts, liking posts. you know, liking companies, all of those things that we're going to have to do. So, because there's more of us. we're going to be able to add more and more activities as we go. to be able to reach more of the space. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:46 PM): We've always been very challenged because it's just one person or then it's just two. But now it can be three of us technically. Right. You know, actually posting because Adelaide is going to help us. We're not going to give Adelaide any other tasks other than he will help us create the content. But now there's three of us, there's four of us. putting the ideas together and then there is three of us actually going now they're posting Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:46 PM): We can create new content and then share on Reels, I mean, on the stories, old stuff or just the new stuff and say new post, go and like it, whatever. Obviously, that's the idea, right? to continue to build a bigger strategy because now there's. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:46 PM): Do we work with what we have? Again. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:46 PM): Rachel has stories, posts, reels. on Instagram, so making sure that we're using all of it. Do we have to... different content for all of it, you know. Yes, maybe no. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:45 PM): then we can start sharing all of our content on there because What I used to do is even the real even the carousel would make him a video and just share him. So, again, using all the. channels, but then also using, for example, Facebook. Facebook, Facebook stories, Facebook posts. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:45 PM): I just thought that the TikTok ban was to come sooner but if we're going to start making this video that make them a little bit more personable or actually recorded and would not. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:45 PM): it on TikTok. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:45 PM): So Facebook, Instagram, we. and I think for a little while he was doing okay. but then I stopped. I thought that we never picked it back up. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:45 PM): and then we repost it right that's a completely Or we share it as a story or we share it Right. We another thing that. I really want you to put a plan for it. Making sure that we're using all the different channels there is Right? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:44 PM): 10 pieces of content that are older that we could reuse. I always tell the guys, you know, there's a week where we. We don't have a piece of content or we got stuck on a piece of whatever it is. We'll go back, bring an old piece of content, do a new caption. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:44 PM): and I'll let you guys go. Content review. existing marketing content, website copy, social media posts, email templates. We're not going to do email templates yet, but make social media posts for sure. Still, I mean, I still want you to go back. through our Facebook and Instagram page. And then maybe pick. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:44 PM): We can start here for this week, but I'll go to the. I'll go to week two we can go to the other weeks But I'll send you this document as well. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:44 PM): with all of these ideas that we can start sharing. or continue to share as well. Yeah, perfect. Um, and then so. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:43 PM): message on the marketing group, send them on there, you know, just anything you see. Yeah. I mean that, that you think we can use. Let's start putting it out there because I mean who cares maybe we just create a calendar for like three months, right? I mean, like a calendar, right? Not the actual content. But we can just start filling up calendars. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:43 PM): You want to you want to send them via. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:43 PM): Perfect, perfect. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:43 PM): I had in mind and I wanted to share with everyone, but that's good that you already have that mindset. I love it. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:43 PM): That's exactly what I Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:43 PM): educational and the polls, the content that we bring. generated, you know, generating the And now we need to get these catchy things to bring people in. the page so that they can see all the other good stuff that is also being creative. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:42 PM): We will be able to make, you know, just like you said, right, we'll be able to make this or bring ideas to the table based on. what's trending in our market. in both English and Spanish. so that we can get now more into. We continue doing the. right? We continue doing what we know the Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:42 PM): even even targeting that because we will need to come up with some new ideas for the Hispanic market because we can't keep targeting the Hispanic market the same way we do the American market. And just change the you know, the you know, just change So, I think, uh, you know, we, we. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:42 PM): And because we're going to focus in Texas right now, Ablad, Texas, I live in Texas, you know, we'll focus and maybe Abiodun Solomon (01:42 PM): them or beat our offensive change. I love it. Abiodun Solomon (01:42 PM): we come across any such thing and like also. Abiodun Solomon (01:41 PM): I was going to say that since you guys are up there, I really believe that the algorithm will show you things that are trending over there more than for here. So I assume that you're likely to come across trends that are fitting for your client. We are. Abiodun Solomon (01:41 PM): Sorry about that. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:41 PM): about why are we here, why are we doing what we're Sorry, was someone trying to talk? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:41 PM): I'll sit down We can you know, we can get it done together or you can record yourself if you want We can record, you know together whatever, you know now you're gonna be here in Austin we can help We can actually record some of these videos. have all their friends that are they have startups. and that's what they've done. to do little videos here and there. Because a big part of what we want to do is kind of tell this story. and the Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:41 PM): We haven't done it, but you know. don't mind it. I'll do it. Jacob Oluwole (01:41 PM): She really has. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:41 PM): Yeah, I mean, she's been really busy. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:41 PM): I just suck at doing it myself. I shock at it the guys are still waiting for a video from me from America month ago. My wife was going to record it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:40 PM): Those training things, you know, cool little activities that we can do. Look, I'm going to. I'll be 100% honest with you. I'm always down to. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:40 PM): That's our goal. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:40 PM): like getting the message out for people but but now kind of starting you know, maybe that's... By doing this research, we can get to that point, right? What kind of reels can we start making? What kind of catchy things? Because it's all about clickbait. to our profile and then from the profile we want to get into the website. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:40 PM): I mean, that kind of stuff we haven't done yet. But I would like to I mean, you know that I think looking at the trending. things in our market would be good. We do a lot of like overall education and, you know, kind Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:40 PM): They just get people stuck right away and a lot of them start with those silly. people falling and then they're getting up and you know. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:39 PM): there that are working, you know. would love to start making some of those, you know, like. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:39 PM): What other things are you seeing? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:39 PM): having you start getting involved with know, like research competitors. you know, what are they doing? What are the competitors? doing to get the message out. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:39 PM): It would be kind of working on. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:39 PM): Uh, that we can, uh, recycle from all different sources. people or like take ideas from it to make our own or like kind of like oh we like this it's not related to work but let's make it about work you know yeah we shared those You know, when we see him, we share. them just as ideas. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:39 PM): Whenever I see things Where the guys see things that they like like post Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:39 PM): So, this is some. that we do a lot like Dafne on Instagram. Instagram. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:38 PM): Oh, um. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:38 PM): Okay, here's... Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:38 PM): So I'll get you to that at a later time. Um... Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:38 PM): If it's better we can use it or not. If you know of any tools, please let us know so we can. can use him or test him out. Email marketing software. We're not doing that yet We're not going to, I'm not, we're going to start with. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:38 PM): a lot of posts, they always came out pretty decent. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:37 PM): but we might look at a couple other things. Yeah, we might not. Let's look at a couple more. I'm going to ask my wife. I know she used to use one for some others. She was doing. Jacob Oluwole (01:37 PM): Metaphor business. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:37 PM): That is so rude. You're laughing. Content that you can't like it, but whatever So, but she does, she does like ours. and shares it, so that's always good. Companies prefer social media scheduling tools right now. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:37 PM): I like you. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:37 PM): Get stuck on Instagram for two hours straight and will not like a single thing left the entire time I just, that's so rude. Like. Jacob Oluwole (01:37 PM): My wife will look at. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:37 PM): I'm the kind of person that likes everything that I see that I actually like. I actually give it a lot. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:36 PM): We got me going over, you know. where she can find the results. know for the week and then that way we can we can start tracking week after week, what kind of results are we getting. Are we seeing an increase in followers? she likes or impression is what I guess is most important nowadays. But, you know, because how many people see it? Not a lot of people like things. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:36 PM): Um, and then now. Again, I'll always make sure to share them and get them out there. be able to see the analytics from the meta for business. So, Jacob, maybe tomorrow we can spend. 15-20 minutes or maybe half an hour Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:36 PM): Yeah, so add me as a collaborator or tag me on the. Jacob Oluwole (01:36 PM): I always share it to groups as well, you know, so. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:36 PM): Like, a collaborator, then it's actually easier because I don't have to share. I can just post automatically onto my feed and then I can share it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:35 PM): You know, I've been in Austin for a little while. I mean, it's not like I have a lot of followers. You know, sometimes when I post some things, you know, they do. My friends share it and so I liked you. I like to share everything on my page as well, so if you guys tag me on there or invite me as a collaborator. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:35 PM): tagging, whatever it is. something or someone I always ask. that when he posts on Instagram that he tags me for some reason Facebook when I when we maybe you guys. Tag me on the Facebook post as well. Well, OK. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:35 PM): Once he gets posted, and then we add the location. you know, we correct the format if it was necessary. You know, just just micro changes that are going to take. less time than doing everything all over. adding music you know. you know, adding music, we're going to add music. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:35 PM): You know, there's some things that yeah or you can schedule them to go. out and then edit them. I think probably that's faster if you're scheduling. them like Jacob does now he schedules his posts so they they get scheduled they get posted, then we go back to the post. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:34 PM): pushes it out from Meta for Business. when he pushes it out. it will change like. like text or it will like, you know, Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:34 PM): Because sometimes when it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:34 PM): And then that's where you'll be able to you'll be. See and manage. and Jacob can tell you. this as well, but you'll be able to manage both Facebook. Instagram from the same place. There are things that I. Oh, OK, very good. There are things obviously that I much rather. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:34 PM): I thought for business. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:34 PM): download an app called. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:34 PM): But we'll focus on social media. media for now. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:34 PM): We do this through Google Analytics. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:34 PM): Analytics dashboards. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:34 PM): platform. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:33 PM): Okay. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:33 PM): So, yeah, um. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:33 PM): was going to say is that I'm running out of the ones that I have. So. don't want to make new, you know, the same ones I will much. Rather, just if we have a new design, then, you know, much rather. just have those ordered rather during, you know, the, the Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:33 PM): Maybe I can get some business cards because she's here in Austin. with me so but what I. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:33 PM): That would be fantastic. if you want to work on it together. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:33 PM): We go to the tribe, we review it. We make any comments to it, he'll get the comments. You know, done and then we post or then we. print or that we use or whatever, which by the way, Ablad. If we can work on the business card tomorrow morning. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:32 PM): just send us like, hey, you know, this is here. It is done. the drive and you'll upload everything to the drive. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:32 PM): What are we looking for? Trying to accomplish with a pose or whatever it is that we're trying to create. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:32 PM): you guys will kind of learn. Yeah, you guys will kind of learn where to work together to as far as like what is, you know, Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:32 PM): you get what you're asking for. right? Would you, you know, whenever... very good at being able to capture what you're saying to be able to turn it into that design. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:32 PM): Okay, okay, no, that's fine. That's fine. There's no problem. We can you could again, he's already signed. work with them, you can give them the cool thing. and Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:32 PM): This business card, how you score it? Abiodun Solomon (01:32 PM): I use photoshop for designs but for principal just like I thought that you would bring like, what is it? Jacob Oluwole (01:31 PM): He does that on his, maybe in Photoshop. Jacob Oluwole (01:31 PM): and stuff like that, do we want to do that where? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:31 PM): Let's say we work with Ablet. Ablet, would you like to? work on the flyers like on Figma or is that something? that you like flyers or business. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:31 PM): Unless if. If we're going to start, for example, Dafne, we're We're gonna work on flyers or something like that. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:31 PM): you know, we can give it to her when she needs it, but... But we didn't do any marketing, really. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:31 PM): Well, yeah, well, I mean, do you need the same access? I'm just trying to think I don't want to overwhelm her with access that she doesn't need. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (01:31 PM): Okay. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:31 PM): An invite to the Canva, not to the Canva but to the. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:30 PM): you have it emailed. You have your email access. just now, marketing platforms, what else? Jacob right now nothing right nothing Do you guys want to send can you guys please send her? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:30 PM): Grant access to all relevant social media accounts. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:30 PM): Okay, here we go. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:30 PM): We've solved for access, right? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:30 PM): Okay, so then we. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:30 PM): All right, cool, all right, well, so that leaves us. Oh my god, what happened with my stream? screen sharing where to go. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:30 PM): Gotta get some cyber security going on. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:30 PM): Ahem. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:30 PM): Yeah, definitely. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:30 PM): Guys, we've been hacked. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:30 PM): I have to request done with. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:30 PM): I could take one. Okay. Okay, good. Jacob Oluwole (01:29 PM): we could periodically do Like, reviews of access. I clicked that one too. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:29 PM): No, because I created that one. We create and you are actually managing that document so. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:29 PM): Maybe it's on your hand. Jacob Oluwole (01:29 PM): document where we have the passwords and stuff? I don't have it with me. I don't have it shared with me. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:29 PM): I sent it to her. I sent it to her. It should be…we have a document. I think I've shared with you a document. It's called… Like, don't we have a software access? Jacob Oluwole (01:29 PM): Damn Jacob, did you beat me to it? No, no, no, no I was like, I don't have the password for the Instagram. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:29 PM): Yeah. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:29 PM): Oh, okay. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:29 PM): We sent a notification to lock-in devices on this account. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:29 PM): What is it asking for? It says logging request sent. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:28 PM): Looking for that. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:28 PM): Logging request. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:28 PM): Okay. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:28 PM): Okay. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:28 PM): We love that. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:28 PM): shared it to him and he followed it as well. Oh nice, very cool. Thank you. Thank you. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:28 PM): I show my boyfriend the page too. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:28 PM): I got a new follower, guys. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:28 PM): Oh, we have a follower What? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:27 PM): Thank you very much. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:27 PM): There we go I'm trying to sign on, just go ahead and add a... Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:27 PM): Okay. Jacob Oluwole (01:27 PM): I got it here. Jacob Oluwole (01:27 PM): Oh. Jacob Oluwole (01:27 PM): Stop. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:27 PM): Okay, here it is Send it to you on WhatsApp. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:26 PM): on my drive. I think I have it here. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:26 PM): Let me see if I can probably access Oh, I got it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:26 PM): And I was like, I don't remember sending him out. So, okay, let me see. We have the password, Jacob. Can you pull it up real quick? And the password is in the. Um, shared document that I have with you that is for the Okay. access. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:26 PM): sent you an invitation I just sent you the username and password that I don't think you can do that on Okay, that's it. I was like, where do I find it? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:26 PM): No, but... Did I give you? Okay. the Jacob Oluwole (01:25 PM): I don't think I still have the password. instead of grounding and letting them search for it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:25 PM): Why don't I remember ever giving Jake I just do Instagram, but I know he has it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:25 PM): But yeah. Abiodun Solomon (01:25 PM): But wait. Uh, okay. No, no, no. I just follow the Facebook page. Abiodun Solomon (01:25 PM): No, I don't Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:25 PM): You don't have access to social media, right? You've never had you've never done anything on social media? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:24 PM): Okay, but it's in the sea. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:24 PM): I'm okay Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:24 PM): I sent my head. Instagram handle through the message. Thank you. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:24 PM): These are goals. It comes back. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:24 PM): Can't even tell what he. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:24 PM): I'm telling you, he's like a ninja. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:24 PM): Oh, he left. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:23 PM): when I gave you access to Facebook? I don't know. Hello? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:23 PM): Jacob did you get to Facebook when I gave you an interview. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:23 PM): Bye. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:23 PM): That one is going to be a little different. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:23 PM): So that one. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:23 PM): You have Instagram? Yes. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:23 PM): Same thing on Instagram real quick. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:22 PM): Perfect, so you're there. Let me see if we can do this. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:22 PM): Yes. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:22 PM): Switch now. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (01:22 PM): OK. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:22 PM): then what you can make Next, ASF. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:22 PM): So, it says review invite. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:22 PM): Okay, yes. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:22 PM): No, it should be on your notifications on Facebook. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:21 PM): Okay, maybe um Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:21 PM): What are we doing in this company, you know? I haven't. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:21 PM): Oh wow, this is so secure. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:21 PM): Okay, and he expires in 31. seconds, I mean days. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:21 PM): An invitation has been sent. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:21 PM): Hold on a second. Absolutely, yeah. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:21 PM): Yeah, no, I didn't say that to you. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:21 PM): It should be in your notifications. But it might have kicked me out, so. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:20 PM): Let me see. Or maybe not. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:20 PM): Could have just sent the invite. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:20 PM): Okay, sorry. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:20 PM): A lot of people just kind of feel iffy about people that are not. Necessarily here, but yeah, all right. No, you let me do it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:20 PM): you see your profile or whatever. Yeah, please, Austin would be great because then someone just clicks on it on like to go to your profile. They don't have to see your profile, but they'll be able to see. where you're from. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:19 PM): All right, you can come in. And then I'd stop and he'd say, oh yeah, no, I loved it. I did. It was great. Does that make sense? And we'll get a lot into the posting and whatnot. But again, yeah, so. So you again people have to address a friend anyways probably. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:19 PM): So you can do both. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (01:19 PM): Right. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:19 PM): or whatever you can keep it open. in this manner, but just for whenever you're gonna comment. You can comment as Facebook or as Dafne. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:19 PM): Well, people, you can make your Facebook private. That's fine, right? And just so your friends can see and anybody that. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:19 PM): It's just because. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:19 PM): Is that OK? Yes. Yes. Oh, OK. I just. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:19 PM): Okay, so you don't have, well, I kind of need you in Austin. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:19 PM): I'm saying, I just left it like that. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:19 PM): Stop it, you're not in Chihuahua. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:18 PM): All right. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:18 PM): You sent me something. Yes. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:18 PM): Okay, is that you? I just. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:18 PM): I think this is it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:18 PM): Okay, just doesn't show me. but I think it's good. Awesome. But you don't get up first because I want to send you access to. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:18 PM): Yeah, like purple. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:17 PM): Nikul, Kon or Sinachi? Sinachi Profile picture has of a pink. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:17 PM): My name and then. All good. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:17 PM): Is this Dafne? Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:17 PM): That's how I have it currently. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:17 PM): On Facebook. Let me see. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:17 PM): How do I find you on? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:17 PM): find it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:17 PM): Here we go. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:16 PM): Bye. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:16 PM): Okay, here we go, Thank you very much. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:16 PM): and Hello. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:15 PM): That's exactly what I was just saying is just so in your face Oh, I need to edit this phone number. Hold on a second because we have the. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:15 PM): Like, to recreate it. Jacob Oluwole (01:15 PM): Wow, a lot of people loved the album. last carousel. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:15 PM): All right. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:14 PM): There's like 20 I mean I have him on my end because I haven't looked But I'm just wondering if you've had, if you. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:14 PM): notifications are? I haven't honestly I haven't checked in a couple of days. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:13 PM): Jacob, do we know what are the... Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:13 PM): Give me some tissue. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:13 PM): Okay. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:13 PM): Settings are good. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:13 PM): All right, let me see here. So. Hey. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:11 PM): Let me know if you were able to. Oh, I think I told you this. I love. That that last carousel man, that was just beautiful Beautiful. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:11 PM): Perfect. Okay, cool. Dafne Gutierrez Loya (01:10 PM): Yep, it's downloading. And
