# Meeting Transcript: 2024-10-31-mobile-recording-2
**Date:** 2024-10-31
**Type:** meeting-transcript

Oct 31, 2024 | Mobile Recording - Oct 31 Invited Guests : Live Note s | Read Meeting Report ———————— Live Transcript Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:48 PM): Would you go into a chat and then chat with me? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:48 PM): You can't do this through the web interface. You have to have those built. with the client app, like the Android app or the iOS app. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:48 PM): I'm going to focus on Spanish and Japanese for most of all. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:32 PM): So I could ask you to iterate here. Let's say, in that quick session, you saw me flicking around. I came to a pretty quick conclusion that, OK, what I want to focus on is a language app that's going to help you learn Spanish and Japanese in a business context focused on North America. That was an insight that came out of that data. Let's just say I've done more responsible research and committed to that. So now I'm going to ask Paul again, hey, you have these great abilities to write code. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:32 PM): You don't have to speak this language. It's coding this up for me. And then it's going to run it right here in the window. And so what I've got now is this interactive dashboard that takes all the data from that spreadsheet, lets me break it down by different dimensions, lets me do a lot of things. Again, I can iterate on this. I can say, I want to have these different controls. I want to have different ways of visualizing this. But what this lets me do is actually understand that data, break it down, start to make decisions visually based on this data. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:32 PM): a small interactive map board. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:32 PM): So it comes back and says, that's great. I'll create you an MRI. dashboards. I'm going to go ahead and write the code. You see here, I'm zooming out this part. It's going off and writing a code. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:31 PM): So I've taken the spreadsheet we just produced. I can zoom in on this one because it's in smaller text. I took the spreadsheet we just produced. And I was like, hey, I really want to slice and dice this and make some decisions about how to get my product going. So I want an interactive dashboard that I can use to visualize this market research data that I just got from my money at GDT. And I want something that can help me analyze this data, make a good decision about where to invest in my language learning. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:31 PM): It's what it's called. What it's called is part of it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:31 PM): But back to our. Let's go. a claw. A claw is another GDT electrode. comes from a company called Anthrop. And the capability that Clon has is it's Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:31 PM): good capabilities for using this data. I'm going to do some work here. So, I want to turn it over to another person. but I think does it even better right now. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:30 PM): If I'm a large multinational corporation and I'm making a decision on tens of millions of dollars on a new product line to invest, I better go do a whole lot more work than this. I'm starting to brainstorm a new business idea, and I want to do something better than use my gut sense, and I want to start building out a database approach. I just did this in about 30 seconds. I think I'll review this work. Is it perfect? Probably not. I can go and find it myself. But I have to do kinds of research that I otherwise would have had to do by myself. hire people, wait for that... Go through multiple cycles. I can get this going on my own. Now, Jeff GBC also has some. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:30 PM): breaks down the top ten languages and some of the various characteristics I asked for and a few that it came up with that I didn't. Is this the highest quality is ever produced? Certainly not. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:29 PM): probably most of you are familiar, LLNs are frozen in time at whatever their training date was, right? So if this model was trained 9 months ago, 10 months ago, it knows what it knew up to that point, which is a lot of useful information. I asked it to specifically go search the web and give me back some referenceable resources that it used to produce this research. So it's giving me a few pages of interesting research along the lines that I asked for, and I asked it to give me back a spreadsheet with all this information, which it does. So it's giving me back a spreadsheet that breaks down all Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:29 PM): I'm starting a new company. What languages should I focus on? Where's the actual market demand for languages? What languages should I focus on? What markets should I focus on trying to sell my app into? I did get some rough idea about like, you know, help me grade these languages based on how hard they are to learn, what other resources are available. Again, all this is made up. I'm asking you to go off and do market research. It's going off in thinking. You notice there it's searching the web. That's because Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:28 PM): You're actually making it just one step more useful than this. It remembers things about you. It saves you that time. All right. Last example, which actually gets you for a while. So I'm going to pivot over. I'm starting a new business. For some reason, I decided that it would be fun to go compete with Duolingo. I don't know why I just made up a variable for this. But I'm going to use a new app that's going to be a language learning app. to ask ChatGBT, go to the sub-market, please. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:28 PM): restating those things. It captures the fact that by name, you capture my name, you capture the company I work for, you capture the kinds of things I do. And what I just showed there is a task really quickly that you can go into that memory and see, what do you remember about me? I can erase that. So for example, you're doing this for a demo for an audience, and you set up some things that actually aren't true, and you go back and delete them later. So it doesn't possibly think I work for this company because it doesn't even exist. But the point here is the tools are kind of wrapping around the large language model and building up these memory capabilities that Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:28 PM): What it was doing was capturing certain facts about it. certain facts about my life, my work. work and recording it so that I don't have to keep Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:27 PM): This is a very basic thing. This is where almost everyone starts with this. Content generation. Generate emails. Help me write blog posts. Help me write things where the stakes are low to medium, but it's a tedious task I have to do all the time. It's a very good writer. It's a very good communicator. One thing I want to highlight on this one, since you all may not be able to see. of this is the memory teaser. If you were watching that... a couple times instead of updating it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:27 PM): that you talked to at the conference. I've now saved that two or three minutes. times 100 of our great people. It's just a little tweak. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:27 PM): with AI that understands the general nature of what I'm trying to accomplish and did this task for me. Next example, they'll do the same thing. Great, I just gave you a spreadsheet with all my sales leads from the conference. Could you just generate all the emails so I can just go automate that and send it off? And it goes off and thinks for a little bit longer because now it's doing a little bit more work. And it's going to come back with Here's your spreadsheet. I'll edit it, add a column. that has a customized email for every person. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:26 PM): that into the same chat. I'm like, oh, that's great. I like the email you wrote there. Could you go write me an email for this guy from Home Depot who expressed interest in talking to us at our conference? Sure. I get another email, very similar to the first one. The thing I want to highlight here is when I go to cross-references with my spreadsheet, this person at the conference said, I'm looking for configurable dashboards. And the email that gets written references that specifically. Again, I didn't ask you to do this. Could I have done this myself? You do all this yourself. There's nothing here that I I found out I couldn't do. I did it in a few seconds. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:26 PM): Could I have written that email myself? Of course I could. But it saved me a little bit of time. What did it do for me? I gave it a quick bulleted list of my off-the-cuff thoughts and said, I want an email that fits these needs. I could have said more there. I could have said, make sure you always include these few points about my product, et cetera. I saved a little bit of time by generating some content. Let's take it one step further. I've got a spreadsheet that my sales team brought back from a conference that has all the people they talked to at the booth and some notes about each of those people. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:25 PM): various ones here. And I can try an example from a company that I work with around, I want to be able to send sales leads. I've got sales leads, and I want to be able to put emails together to turn those leads into views. And so here I'm going through a very simple example, completely made up. I work for this company. We do supply chain software. I have a sales lead from this person in this department at this company. Help me write a professional sales email. That just saved me. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:25 PM): So content generation. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:25 PM): affordances that make this something that anyone So, I'm going to do a very simple example. I don't care what class it is, because this thing won't happen. I don't know if anyone wants to read that. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:25 PM): So, this is probably not useful to this group. I'll start here. start the best place to start. is still checking. There's a huge number of tools out there. But this is the OG. This is the one that everyone knows. in the news and they actually got really great Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:25 PM): that you can text to 24 hours a day and get it to do. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:24 PM): Don't think of it like technology. Think of it like an assistant. And if you can't get value out of a room... indicated assistant that you can have for 20 bucks and Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:24 PM): I think the more you treat it like a person... treated like an intern. is an assistant who's only available. who's well-versed in just about every topic. but not that these experts should defer to. That's you. That is how you best use this. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:24 PM): general-purpose technology. It's just like And then there's just like this exhibit model and so many things. It's not narrowly spaced. And when you're interacting with it, Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:24 PM): If I find it, it already knows everything. So what I want you to do is engage music in your uptake. of your day to day life. Use these as examples to get your brain turning and then go do it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:24 PM): So I want you to do more of it. I want you to dig in. These are some of the issues that arise too. things you could be doing. I hope so. It's not just for you all, it's for all of us. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:23 PM): based on conversations I've had with entrepreneurs. people who are starting companies, people who are using these things. So by the end of it, we'll know how that is like. I'm not giving you a list of, go do these 10 things. for so many of you guys out there. thing I want you all to do, and you're already doing it, Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:23 PM): about AI is to use it. I'm going to go through a bunch of examples here. All of them are contrived. Some of them are based on real life. Some of the things I do, some of the things I completely do not care about. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:23 PM): you're going to be out of the conversation. So, you know, if you want to be... if you're in a scrappy team of rebels fighting against each other. Empire, you want to have the same... you want to use the force the same way. enough of that. So that's where you work. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:23 PM): or you don't know what you think, or you totally disagree. And you're like, nope, I want progress as fast as I can get it. It doesn't matter. Let's go as fast as you want. The best way for you to be part of that conversation is to engage with technology. What you can't do is put your head in the sand. This isn't real. It's not something that actually matters. everyone to your daily life. Because then you're going to. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:22 PM): very small number of tech elites who are going to make all It's time to call this up and read my 98. of the benefits. I worry about that. I think that's a real thing. We should be thinking about that. all be thinking about that. But whether that's a concern you have... Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:22 PM): are the best way for you to become part regardless of what you think, right? You might be worried. You might both be worried today. Everything AI is getting control. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:22 PM): society. Those things are important. I think they're super important. a whole other talk or series of talks. What I want to talk about... is what people are doing. What is going on and how you can. go participate in that. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:22 PM): to the actual content or use cases. I want to say, like, this talk today, I'm not I don't want to talk about ethics or. or how is it impacted? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:22 PM): right now, engaging with the community. part making it a considerable part of their company and how they work. is critical to do right now. The time is going to run out really quickly for that. Last couple of slides. I'll turn the slides around again. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:21 PM): Right now, we're all in this together. But for Tech Week, thinking about the fact that we're going to have a lot of entrepreneurs in the room. I want to really focus in on if you want to use AI as a strategic advantage. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:21 PM): everything about what we all do. I love arguing that you're not moving forward. to be part of what happens. What I'm arguing is is going to be packaged up and given to you. It's not going to be a thing that you're actually going to be using forever. because it gives you advantage once you get out of it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:21 PM): point out for this talk mostly is this red period is where we are right now. This is where you're really starting to see the bend in the exponential curve. And when I say it's not yet too late to be on this track and really kind of use AI to your advantage, use it as a strategic advantage, we're in this part. But when I say it's going to be too late too soon, once you get here and certainly the What is going to happen? One argument people make to make here is like, look, That's done for me and everything we do. It's gonna be a part of me. of every single person's life is going to be. It's going to be deeply degraded. It's going to change. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:20 PM): What I would, what I would. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:20 PM): Capabilities are there. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:20 PM): What I don't like about this slide is we kind of jump into, and therefore, obviously, we're five years away from artificial general intelligence and 10 years away from artificial intelligence. Nobody knows. First of all, we don't have three definitions for these terms. No one even really knows what they mean. And anyone who says we're definitely going to hit this in five years, 10 years, doesn't really know. But what we do know is that change is climbing up that exponential curve. And when you get to the right of it, right at that last dot there, that's where it's another straight line except it looks pretty normal, right? That's where the range, yeah? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:19 PM): That gray area kind of represents everything we've done in AI since the 50s and 60s. And when you're looking at exponential curve, relative scale out, that's essentially a horizontal line. It's a flat, horizontal line. It doesn't really, it pales in comparison to what happened during that blue area, which is that five year period where we were doing R&amp;D, kind of developing a large language model on top of the transformer. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:19 PM): of a minute, though. I like how this starts. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:19 PM): There's too much going on to even you We're talking about the one slide. But I was looking for... a good picture to represent this. to give people an idea of what this looks like. I like almost everything about this picture. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:18 PM): competitive, it's really important to be able to check GPT-3.5. And Obanai were coming out early to check GPT-4 in May, followed by Rana 2, which was kind of a competing game. The mixed-role, mixed-role experts model in December of 2023 was the first open-source model to relate competitive with GPT-4. This year, that year, 2023, was basically this race of various people, various companies putting these new models together. I look for a similar picture for 2024. And obviously everything I saw was just way too busy. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:18 PM): And that overview is a bit of a lull in the model. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (01:18 PM): happened during 123. a couple of these. These are ones you might have seen. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:18 PM): Now, every tech company in the world is basically taking... How do I incorporate AI into what I do? What's it going to mean for the future? This is another quick timeline of what we're doing. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:18 PM): seeing all the players that have been there. that we put out there for people to adopt. and come and interact with them. they turn everyone's attention to it. This is where where all the money and investment has come in the last... years to continue growing on that curve. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:18 PM): that basically goes straight off of there itself. that you would essentially like to. 0 to 100 million users in a couple of days. is the single fastest growing... Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:17 PM): chart, right? Another log scale chart. And this is showing how fast every one of those viable technologies... Twitter, Facebook, Netflix. got away from zero to a million users. and then on to 100 million users. red line all the way to the left. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:17 PM): interacting directly with these large hybrid models. I don't know that anyone could go over a browser, start chat session and interact with the group. This is a little accidental. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:17 PM): So train up your own version of this model. That was what was going on in 2017. 21, 22, 22. 2022, OpenAI on the companies doing the research to launch ChagGTB. but a consumer-accessible way of using it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:17 PM): super close. But these things were not... So if you weren't a company, what would you do? It was actually building things on purpose. really kind of following this out of the UK. You didn't know about this at all, and you certainly weren't interacting. There was no way to do it. You basically had to go. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:17 PM): was essentially mostly. R&amp;D period. I'm calling it an R&amp;D period because If you weren't into the league of Whitby, this space, you probably weren't following it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:16 PM): and actually going back later than that. is what happened in the space of a billion years. capabilities of water type models. by the number of parameters we can have. I think these models are increasing their capabilities in that. five-year period. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (01:16 PM): So he's been growing since the invention of the transistor.
