# Meeting Transcript: 2024-10-30-mobile-recording
**Date:** 2024-10-30
**Type:** meeting-transcript

Oct 30, 2024 | Mobile Recording - Oct 30 Invited Guests : Live Note s | Read Meeting Report ———————— Live Transcript Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:46 PM): together so we can accelerate that process. and get to that day we all want to do it. Yeah, all right. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:45 PM): We're going to do a background check. We're going to do the IP. We're going to spend a lot of time. The order of three, four weeks or can go very long. If you don't have that information together, if you don't have a... You don't have all these things together. dragged out. So how do you Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:45 PM): in a long time. We're going to call an investigator. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:45 PM): You did all that stuff and you're like... Man, I'm tired. But here's all the stuff that happened to that. So, first of all, if you do have a certificate, congratulations. That is a huge milestone. It's a big deal. But that is really. point for the large crop there. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:45 PM): document. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:44 PM): We're having to fix that on the back end. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:44 PM): But that is far more valuable. I tell you, when it hits the fan and things are going south, if you have your investors on, it's our money. We want you to be successful. We're believers. So bring us in as early as possible. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:43 PM): But for you, as a founder, make sure you're moving towards those milestones, because you're going to look back at those milestones, and if things are going great, easy to write that letter. If things are not going great, you still have to write it, but you have to keep them in the loop, and that's a big deal. I can tell you that when we put money in your company, and someone saw us at the three seed seed stage, money is the least valuable thing we can bring to the table. The contacts we can bring, expertise we can bring, that's far more valuable, and no founder ever believes that in the world. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:43 PM): investors in the loop is not the responsibility of the investor board member. He's the investor board member. That is not his job. It is your job as the founder slash CEO to keep the investors, all of the investors, in the loop. In fact, there's usually requirements, specifically, that the Texas Angel Network investment documents say an orderly update on what your company is doing. Thank you. It also is a challenge. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:43 PM): So on this page, this is an error I see with founders so often. information rights is critical. In fact, keeping your... Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:42 PM): $10,000,000 and the most you wanted to raise $10,000,000 and you have pro rata rights for people that want to invest $2,000,000, you're going to have to work that out. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:42 PM): You don't want this going to everybody. You're going to have to offer it to those investors. So again, when you're socializing this deal, to the extent you have people that have the right to buy the stock from you in this issuance, Make sure they know because if you have an event it comes in for a round is that my minimum. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:41 PM): you're going to have to give to most major investors. Sometimes people fall out of the threshold for what comes as a major investor. Maybe it's a $2 million investment, $1 million investment. And you're always going to have somebody say, hey, I'm going to add a side letter, and I want to have those major investor rates, too, or those per-run investor rates, too. Just keep in mind that everybody that you give those rights to, you're going to actually have to follow up and give them the information and do stuff with. And it is kind of one thing that you have to keep track of. and there's information that you're giving these people. They do have confidentiality provisions that require... But the more people you have, the more people chat. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:41 PM): Here's another list of investor rights. There's a lot of investor rights. The ones I want to point out are you're going to have information and inspection rights. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:41 PM): preemptive rights, when you are doing any issuance of the company, this is you as the founder, people that already own stock, are going to have to run through this process. So there's lots of ways that investors get the right to buy stock from the company, and this is one of them. This also provides them with the right to sell alongside. So say they're like, I don't actually want to buy any more stock in this company from you, when you found a This depresses the price or the cost of this issue. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:40 PM): And there's a concept of key holders. And those are the people that are bound by this right of first refusal. So it's always going to be you as the founder, but it can also be 1% stockholders. It could be preferred, rare if you're getting more complicated. But it gives, you as a company kind of want some of these restrictions because it allows stock to stay within a defined group of people. And it gives you some control over the cap table. Investors definitely want it because they want the right to buy up things from the company. And this is not prorata right. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:40 PM): stock, it's going to first go out to the company, and then it's going to go to this concept of a major investor. And the major investors get to buy it before whoever you wanted to sell it to. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:40 PM): at first refusal on co-sell when they do. most deals that are a fixed price round. What that means is when you sell your... Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:40 PM): sets later. But read these and you'll get that. Just keeping in mind that everybody's going to have a right. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:39 PM): people out of the equity incentive plan. And sometimes that'll say, you know, up to 2 million shares. Well, what makes sense for you? Or if you're a company that's going to be acquisitive? then you want to pay attention to if there's a cat there. So just think about whether it makes sense for you at that moment, at that. for that next cycle. If you're in a company What do you care about from zero to infinity? and then think about the precedent Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:39 PM): Yeah, and read through these. Make sure they make sense. Some of them are going to have calves, right? Like you'll see one on there. about granting stock options. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:39 PM): So you're not the only company in the portfolio. So we're working with lots of other companies. So recognize that it's a shared responsibility, and we want some say. Specifically, it's going to be about protecting our interests. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:39 PM): be affecting your administrative decisions. You are the sole owner of the company. Decisions were made very fast. You made the decisions real time. It doesn't happen once, it happens after. That doesn't mean we don't want to move back. We absolutely do want to move back. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:39 PM): certain blocks. Your Series C have certain blocks. Try to move everything you can to a general class vote. an administrative hassle and kind of a pain to reach out. series to get stuff done. These are things that you should definitely be thinking about. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:38 PM): And when you look at that, maybe it... the preferred stock voting together that's a class vote. Maybe it's each series. series A have certain blocks or series B have UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (02:38 PM): is negative saying what you get to do. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:38 PM): You're going to want to make, there's an example list of them there and there can be different ones or other ones, where the investors are going to get a say on whether you get to do that. and you'll hear them referred to as protective provisions. Stop all our voting blocks. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:38 PM): keep in mind that when an investment. You're losing control. of your company the whole time. And one of the ways we There's going to be certain facts and decisions Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:38 PM): based on how many shares are outstanding. There's the map up there, you guys can grab the slides. just keep in mind that there is price-based protection for the investors. That's why I think we'll dive into a little bit more Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:38 PM): where you say okay well now you get the best. We're moving your conversion price so that you get this one as though you'd invest in. For the most part, it's going to be weighted. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:37 PM): there's price-based anti-dilution protection. So that means if you issue stock that lasts money in the next round, say you do your Series C, And then at $2 per share Series A, and it's a dollar per share, the investors are going to be adjusted and they're going to be necessarily going to be made whole, that would be full ratchet. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:37 PM): There's a lot of downside that happens when a company goes out or goes for essentially the money they raise. And so these terms are really important for what happens when it's not a super happy ending. That's why you have to have these long documents. This one we're going to go through really quickly. This is just Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:37 PM): Everybody's happy. Everybody gets lots of money. There's never going to be an issue. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:37 PM): most important term for everyone in this room. So this in the next couple of days and we then kept it to a shorter group of recovery. are all about what happens when that 100x return. If you have that loss return every Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:36 PM): Once you have multiple series of preferred stock, you have C, you have A, you have B, that's when you start layering it, where maybe the B gets preference, and they get paid out first, and then the A, and you go on from that way. So these things can get pretty complicated. And to do read them to understand them because most Most companies do not go public. I wish they did. Super cool. And so, this is how I... Everyone is going to be cashing out on this. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:36 PM): It all goes to the common. And then we look again and we say, always, always, always, look and say, did the investor, would they have gotten more if they converted the common? They always get that number. Fully participating, that's the only time you don't have that, because no matter what, they get their money off the top and then they participate in everything, so they're never going to convert. So that's the worst for you. I've seen it, it's really rare. The last point is really more of a prefer point. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:36 PM): participating for the preferred only events up to only get to certain amount so maybe you get to like your is complicated where they get one X first, then everybody shares. 1x or 2x or something. And then... Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:35 PM): between the common and the preferred. to be on a prorata basis. So we just convert it all in. common and we say everybody gets this pro-rata amount and that can be capped with Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:35 PM): converted or if they're they were like money off the top. Now, this is where it got. is if they're participating. So that is, remember they've taken their money out the top and we have this bucket. But now instead of just giving it all to the common, what we say is we're going to share some amount. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:35 PM): all the common holders for first step. Now if you're an investor, you're like, wait, that's not cool. What if it's like even higher and they get. more money than I would for my girlfriend. Sorry It's never gonna happen because they always always get the better of what they would have gotten if they Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:35 PM): Now, if you've got what's market and where you want to be, everybody, you're getting non-specific things. that goes from a rata to the cap table top. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:35 PM): Whatever my multiple is, I can waft that money off. and I put it aside. Now I have a remaining box. and I'm going to have to figure out who I'm dividing it over. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:34 PM): No, no worries. That's where I get paid. so please be bored by now. Okay, so these things get more complicated. We're going to add on some layers of complexity, so buckle up people. Now there's a concept of participation. So remember I've taken this with me. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:34 PM): I would be paying 2X more. You have to read every document every time. as lengthy and as Boring as it is. your interest. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:33 PM): about scar tissue. I was a CEO of a company. An investor gave me a term sheet. It seemed to have captured everything we talked about. This is where you, as a founder, need to read every line of that term sheet. Because what happened is, it was very creative. What happened was, it said 1x multiple on maybe page five or six. It was well in. It said 1x multiple. And then the next page, added another 1x multiple. So I didn't say 2x multiple of a front on separate pages It had separate one X multiples like. If I hadn't sat down and read that, I won't know. and has signed that agreement. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:33 PM): stress deals, more in this market, in late stage, especially like private equity deals, you can see like a two or three S multiple. Yeah, so this is a brief story. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:33 PM): Multiple is relative to the amount of money in it. So if you paid $1 per share and you get a 1x multiple, you get $1 back first. If you get a 3x multiple, you get $3 back first. And that's per share, right? And so this is just what you get off the top. Step one and the waterfall like what happens on an accident Generally, market is early stage. For sure and if everything's going well almost always 1x. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:32 PM): All right, these are kind of dense topics and they're confusing, so we're going to try to do it pretty high level. In my mind, one of the most important things for taking money from an investor, especially when you're doing it. We're just going to call it C for this. you're raising your series seed round. One of the most... they're going to get is this ability to get their money back first. And that shows up in the water. If you ever get to sell a company, you'll see this waterfall that shows how much money everybody gets. And the way they do that is based on this preference. So you'll see this whole concept of they get their money back first, and it's based on a multiple. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:32 PM): So just think about like. board conversations. And remember we said socially it's a deal. You go to your angel investor, and you're like hey, we want you to You better not send him a signed term sheet. says he's stepping down before you talk to him. No, we wouldn't But, you know, I'm always happy to go to this place. Right? That's gonna be a good one. Let's do it. Alright, so now we're actually going to talk about term sheets. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:31 PM): And you'll see there's kind of a pretty common down. Generally, you're going to have a CEO director. I'm going to be your preferred director. You'll start to see, as you go down and you creep from mid-stage to growth stage, you start losing control of your board. Before, when we were looking at that cap table, we were talking about how you're going to lose control of your share percentage. you're also going to lose control of your board so you need to be thinking Then you also need to be thinking about when you first raise money. That investor probably you're going to want step down from the board at some point. where you are on the stage for getting to like a seat. That's when you're talking to somebody about. Hey, you were my angel investor. You're on. Awesome, but now I really need you to step down. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:31 PM): So board composition is important for a bunch of reasons too. So if you look on there you'll see there's like an increasing number as you go down. You do not want a seven person. with your company that's crazy. And these are just board members right that are up for this is not counting like board observers Or like somebody that's presenting to the board. This is purely your board the people that have a fiduciary duty Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:30 PM): And we're all peers. So, somebody in the group will want to sit in as the deal lead. Same thing with the VC. As you get older and larger and require more money, there'll probably be more than one investor in that field. We're going to be there to protect our rights and to help the company grow forward because we all win when you are successful. We certainly don't want to prevent that from happening. So that's why there's an odd number of us. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (02:30 PM): You need to have that odd number to break that. As the investor, if I'm the deal lead, I'm gonna want to sit on that board. I, or somebody, when I say I, I'm talking about all of Central Texas Angel Network. There's 140 of us, it's not just me. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:30 PM): a real serious, deep discussion. So, as you get into that, log your heads in. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:29 PM): There are a lot of odd numbers there, and this comes as obvious to people who have done any kind of board work. You need to have an odd number on your board because you are not always going to agree. If that inevitably happens, we all that happy face yes yes yes it's going to be 10x company you're going to explode But when stuff happens, things don't always go. that way, and pretty soon you... We're going to get loggerheads on something. And if you're not, that's a different issue, right? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:29 PM): there, because what I'm going to say is that's why we have different amounts of rolling closed deadlines. So my subsequent closing period, if you're sensitive to that, make it 30 days, not 90 days. And also, remember, we had that minimum closing amount. So Gary should be totally cool at your minimum. him out high enough to hit his deadline and And you're just pulling in that maximum number that deludes you. She's got you for this one. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:28 PM): Is it spending wasting or spending money on? But, I'm also saying that... as an investor with a rolling closed contract. Yes, it's going to take some money to get all the checks in. But what I want to avoid, and I'm dealing with this right now with the company, is my money went in, they didn't close the other closes, And now they're running very thin on... So I'm very sensitive to that. I'm going to push you back. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:28 PM): So there are some other things that are listed here that you're going to want to see in everything. Who's participating? Who's leading? Do you have a co-lead? But what I'm going to care about is that you have if you have more than one investor And really really advise that you do roll because it is a pain to come back. me and say, hey, attorneys, can you like change this so that I can now I'm going to amend it and increase myself to a closing debt. allow more stuff to come in and I have to go through and and change all your documents. I'm not my associates. Do you want to pay for me to do that? into that as a former founder. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:27 PM): What's the minimum amount that will get you to your A? That's really what you should be raising. And then when you look at your maximum, what you want to be thinking about there is, this is the most expensive money I'm going to be raising. I don't want to read so much and take it in at this like really low price so that I'm more diluted. So you've got to kind of balance all these interests, but it's an important thing to think about when you're heading into your term. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:27 PM): I'm very concerned about you not hitting your milestone. If you fail to hit your milestone, going back to the well to get more money is very painful. It's going to be punitive. If you want to avoid that, get enough money up front because things will go wrong by definition. You're a startup, you're going to pivot, somebody's going to leave, stuff will go wrong. You need to have enough money. revenue to get past that and get to that next set of milestones such that you can raise more funds. Don't come in. We can. Definitely raise enough money to get you where you want to be. need to go. You're raising for a seed. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:26 PM): And when I say that, part of it is what's the minimum amount you're going to be raising and what's the maximum amount you're going to be raising. And I'm going to take the founder's side here. Gary's going to take the investor's side here. When I'm thinking about what I want to do as a founder, when I'm advising a company on what they want to do, I want them to be able to hit that minimum threshold. Minimum amount of money you have to raise in your initial closing to be able to close the deal. And so it needs to be attainable. But Gary has a slightly different story. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:26 PM): Ask questions until the end, otherwise I guarantee we won't get through. cut back version. One important think about a deal structure when you guys are Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:25 PM): I don't know why they said that because I've never able to negotiate that into a post-punny. Now, it's always counted, every deal. So maybe there's somebody I haven't. They've been able to stay like we're not. seeing a stock option pool and it's staying the same. Increase your stock option pool and your unallocated number needs to increase. It is always, always. in that denominator and the thought behind it is that the founders... And the new investors, the new money should not be taking that. I think we're going to hold on. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:25 PM): Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I'm going to be a little snarky. It doesn't matter how I feel about it. That's just the way I everybody does it. It's the way that it's been happening since, I don't know, I started practicing in 2005. Is like you know when I first started practicing I think people would say, oh, you can negotiate it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:24 PM): Maybe he's just been, or he or she's been deluded too much. And then it's usually like a stock option grant. It doesn't happen super often, I have seen it, but it's definitely a conversation that you need to be having early with the investors. And when you're talking about socializing a deal and making sure your existing investors and your board are okay with that, that is something that you definitely need to be raising with them soon and having really good justification for why you want that. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:24 PM): We've got five minutes left. as you go through this process. I'm just going to move this up out of the way. You know, actually... another slide and then back when we thought a little bit more time. You can. you're severely diluted you better be knocking it out of the and you better be raising it at your term sheet. and there better be a reason right like and that's usually like to get to a series B round or something. It could be a founder came in kind of late. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:23 PM): a chip company and the founders had and gone public and brought in many. investors and many public stockholders. And yet one of the founders still had five. percent of the company and a company with this I'm having 5% of Intel lose. So, he probably felt like... And now I have 5%. That's a small number, but... Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:23 PM): Yeah, welcome to the milestone dinner. more slides. But I think the key point on the slide When you're at 95% of the company, you are completely in control of that company. You are the person, you have to move fast, you have to make decisions, you have to accelerate. As you bring more people into the company, and especially as you bring investors into the company, there are people who are going to have a say in what's going on. You have less and less of the company, I look at 65% and think, wow, you've still got a lot. You've still got a big piece of the company, that's great. But as you do additional rounds of investment, That number is going to get small, right? When I started out, I worked for... Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:22 PM): All together now. free money number of shares that dilutes you and so that number isn't based on I think you will say it, because you'll say it between five. And we landed at 7.5 here. But generally, that's going to be based on your hiring needs for the milestones you need to get to your next round. It's not made up. There's a lot of planning that goes into this. There's a lot of thought that goes into this. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:22 PM): We're going to come back to that. Notice there's two options that are bold. One is promising. And those are the ones I just told you you can't grant, right? sheet. So that's where you I gave all these people offer letters. I told them they were all going to... Well, that comes out of your high. It comes out of your dilution. So when you're calculating that price per share, it's in the denominator. Remember, anything I put in a denominator makes my price per share go down. It's cheaper. They get more and more stock. for an hour later. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:21 PM): Look at that number with this calendar and go across in the blue. before you get your money in, your pre-money. 95%. And look at that. 67% number after you've allocated for yourself. options right and you granted Stocks your investors. It doesn't look as hot the first time you raise money money should be the most expensive Chinese... money but it's going to dilute you. and to carry that. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:21 PM): loop much, much earlier. There's a comment up there about how Investors don't negotiate in a vacuum. The idea here is that You're gonna have to figure out as long as what? We have to figure out who's aligned together. how much they're investing, you want to know how much dilution. So I want everybody that's a founder to Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:20 PM): to approving it and getting it done are on the same page. Yeah, that's the important part is don't keep your investors in the dark. When things go south You want to reach out and talk to your best friend. more, not less. And certainly, please be. don't wait to have I have the problem solved. your investors that you been a problem. That's way too late. that you're obviously going out and finding other things, they need to be in there. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (02:20 PM): have to give somebody else the right to buy their stock. this deal? Are there stockholders that approve this? Do you guys have a board who It has a board. A functioning board. Okay, awesome. That board, they're going to have to approve this deal. you socialize the deal and people that are important.
