---
type: transcript
---

# 20241113 TXOR Moil Call Transcript

**Date:** 2024-11-13
**Type:** meeting-transcript

---

Nov 13, 2024 | TXOR - Moil Call
Invited Guests: andres@moilapp.com, zgibson@txor.us
Live Notes | Read Meeting Report
————————
Live Transcript
Zane Gibson (10:24 AM): Take care. Bye-bye.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:24 AM): You too.
evangeline sandoval (10:24 AM): Thank you.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:23 AM): That's probably my favorite because I get to see where they get stuck. I get to see the pain points. I get to learn what else we need to simplify to help people. I'm super excited guys. I'll send that follow-up email today. And if any questions come up in the meantime, please please please let me know know. Absolutely. We all have a wonderful day.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:23 AM): Go ahead and I'll send you a follow up, but I'll do it. So just kind of add a little bit of what we talked about today, you know, from the training, the case workers will find a time to train, you know, direct people directly. That's again, that's.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:23 AM): I really appreciate it. the feedback. Thank you. Thank you. So yeah, I'll
Zane Gibson (10:23 AM): really positive feedback during the job. I know I mentioned to you already, but from our clients and from our case managers who wanted to sit in and actually learn. So I'm glad that's something that we did bring up because I wasn't going to bring it up anyways. So I just want to say thank you. No, thank you guys.
Zane Gibson (10:23 AM): Not for me, but I just wanted to say that we got a lot of
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:23 AM): could really have. So yeah, no, thank you. and I appreciate that. Any other questions?
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (10:22 AM): How much more impact?
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:22 AM): You guys have the program. I just want to be, you know, we just want to be that tool that helps you empower and reach more and more people. And if you know, each resume is taking 30, 40 minutes to create today. Can we get it down to 10? And then how many more people can we truly help?
Herlinda Rubalcava (10:22 AM): more people that can't come to a meeting, but then they could also do like one-on-ones wherever they have to meet clients and stuff like that. So I appreciate the fact that you took the time to think of not only teaching clients, but teaching the case managers so that they can empower more people as, as they encounter them. A hundred percent. And that's, that's the goal, right?
Herlinda Rubalcava (10:22 AM): No, I just did want to comment that it's great that you wanted to involve the case managers because them learning the skills to use the tools also will benefit even
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:22 AM): it. Does anybody else have any questions today?
evangeline sandoval (10:21 AM): with our tech store management team. to kind of see if that's something that we can. be in collaboration with.
evangeline sandoval (10:21 AM): We really appreciate it. And like I said, I appreciate because that also is very valuable to us. So thank you. Thank you so much. And I know Zane. can get back to you on those dates for next week. just so we can get the ball rolling. me over that information regarding That podcast idea that you guys have I would love to hear more and just start already having those conversations.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:21 AM): So anything I can help with, please count with us. Thank you for opening the doors to MOYL. Thank you for even considering, you know, the different ways that we can partner. I know you guys are mostly, you know, government funded. And so we don't know, you know, when or how that, you know, how long it lasts. So anything that we can do to create the most impact in the time that we have, again, Please count with me on it. Thank you, Andrés.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:20 AM): able to start again, not from zero, but you actually be able to learn, take off the training wheels and succeed, you know, in the years to come while they're here. So, you know, improve their livelihood. you know, how much money they earn. and actually teach them and empower them. you know, to again, to have a strong future. to actually, you know, reach that American dream.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:20 AM): similar is to help people have, you know,
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:20 AM): Fantastic. No, I love it. Look, I mean, again, anything that we. that as a company on the moral side that we can do to help moving forward. Please count on us. Again, in the end, our goals are very simple.
evangeline sandoval (10:20 AM): Just this is the only option. We'll give you different options and just let us know which works best for you. So we can get the ball rolling as soon as possible.
evangeline sandoval (10:19 AM): two different dates to our staff for next week either Tuesday or Wednesday and then we'll just see what's going to be everyone's availability to see when they can make it. We just want to make sure we have the most available staff and I'll make sure I make myself available to be there too and then Zane can follow up and let you know what we decided on in the time that we obviously are not going to take.
evangeline sandoval (10:19 AM): on our end. Andrés is we'll pitch
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:19 AM): So, so it's easier for me. to find the hours, find the availability. on your end and then I'll make sure that. I'm available on my end. Okay, what I think will.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:19 AM): schedule, look at your availability. You guys want to do it next week, we can do we can start next week, right? You want to do it in two, three weeks, we can do it in two, three weeks. really comes down, you know, on this end is just one. guy on your end. there's many people that would need to be.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:19 AM): Look, I'll go back to this. I'll work with your schedule.
evangeline sandoval (10:19 AM): you want to do the training though we could do well I don't know I was thinking maybe we could do two training sessions just to ensure all the staff members have the opportunity to be there. but what would what would be your ability to do like this finished training?
evangeline sandoval (10:18 AM): I know we have like the holidays. coming up in two weeks. to see what would how soon.
evangeline sandoval (10:18 AM): So this is the other, so I can really see you there. But like I said, I'm on my job. That's my job essentially to ensure that we're within all the federal. So that's that's what read my app And then on the. training, I think that would be great. I know a lot of our staff members like just teach me and I can do it. help, you know, so that would be great.
evangeline sandoval (10:18 AM): in writing and just so I can review that with like my director and obviously we're a federally funded program so everything I have to make sure aligns with the federal regulations and our clients privacy so if you could send me over this in writing I would love to further discuss this with like our leadership staff here in TechSort and then I'll be able to let you know like if that's a partnership that we would be able to assist you with because that it sounds great Obviously, it's assisting the clients. and the way partnerships work is one gets one.
evangeline sandoval (10:18 AM): to me on all the information that you have already available.
evangeline sandoval (10:17 AM): Yes, and that's actually I was gonna ask I would I would love for you, if possible, if you could send.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:17 AM): You guys are obviously going to take some time to think about it, but for us to actually be able to do that same one as a partnership between MOYO and the Texas Office for Refugees so that we can really, I mean, get people hired same day on the spot based on their skills and abilities.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:17 AM): I've kind of said some of the. We're kind of putting some of the parts in place. I wanted to actually wait until I talked to you
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:17 AM): and then get him hired right away. And that would be it, right? We could even go as far as having the businesses sponsored the. Um, you know, the, the actual podcast, um, or we could find, you know, just, uh, you know, funding from all to be able to do it at the beginning. Look, I have the. that will do the recording. I have a ways where we could do it unless you guys want to do let's say, use your facilities, we could do that as well.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:16 AM): And manual labor, we don't need to have this. Cognitive test. We don't need to have this. I mean, we just need to be able to. to find the right person, ask the right questions.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:16 AM): Qualifications to be able to actually work in the US, allowing us to do that on the spot hiring because we don't know for skilled for skilled labor.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:16 AM): So that way we know that everybody that would come in to present on a certain given day. They already have the qualifications or or the legal.
evangeline sandoval (10:16 AM): Amazing.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:16 AM): Does everybody that come through your program already have a. For everyone that's enrolled in our employment program, yes.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:16 AM): And if the people that are presenting that data, are the right fit, then would we be able to hiring them on the spot. an opportunity, why would I like to do it with you guys? because I know the numbers are pretty high.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:15 AM): within this specific. industry that is hiring this week to showcase and highlight their And it's the panel, which is the businesses that are. hiring, they'll have an opportunity to ask further questions to clarify about are you a good fit for the job or not.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:15 AM): actually start with the Texas Office for Refugees because that we can bring the refugees, we can invite them to be on stage for one to two minutes to talk about their experience.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:15 AM): would hire for different jobs. cleaning, construction, restaurants. Every week you have five businesses. Currently hiring and then we have. I mean, we could open this to the public, but I would love to.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:15 AM): shortly about I have a small problem. Compared to what more or less right and it's a podcast It's a live podcast. Think of it as an interview. person on the spot hiring event. So the way It's the way the podcast would work is you have on. You have five companies that every week
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:14 AM): and we'll make it happen because that's it. That is where we need to be. We need to be with you guys. We need to be with the refugees and we need to be with the businesses. Now, another thing that I thought about is how do we partner moving forward for job fairs? Um, right. How do we partnered? Um, he's saying, and I talked.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:14 AM): to be able to sit with people to understand from businesses what their pain points are to be able to continue to build a better and better tool. that everybody can benefit from, right? We, you guys can pick the time.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:14 AM): immediate results and those immediate results translate not so much to to how much are you using? People are using the platform, but how much money are you making? right? So I don't want that pressure because my entire
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:13 AM): in the time to when it comes to me, look, my job, my number one job, and one of the reasons why I wanted to do this bootstrap, I've actually sat with a couple investors and And the reason why I'm still good strapping this is because... Because the thing with investors is they want.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:13 AM): Yeah, how do we get the case workers to be as good as possible with more understand as much as possible of the of the website of the tool so that it's actually an easier process when they're sitting down with the, with the, with the actual refugee. And, of course, you know, finally,
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:13 AM): with the case workers just just to be able to. is the usage of the website. You know, how do we get through the process faster? How do we help people? people apply for the jobs you know how do how do we.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:13 AM): And a quick question before we go there. So what are your thoughts on us doing? Like one or two classes.
evangeline sandoval (10:13 AM): it look like, how can we be realistic of how often we can bring you into our office? And then Erlina Bramon, I would love your guys' input on being realistic, like on clients actually showing up, on what seems feasible, if we should do like a monthly resume building, twice a month resume building, kind of like that.
evangeline sandoval (10:12 AM): So that wouldn't be a problem at all. But I don't know, to me, this sounds great. I would really just want to understand like, what is your availability?
evangeline sandoval (10:12 AM): everything has to be just one. We could do like and we have a space here at our office. so that's never going to be a problem and you will be able to for as long as you need to, no rush on your time, I promise.
evangeline sandoval (10:12 AM): like I said, I would love for us to set something up like reoccurring. Ramon and Arlinda, you guys can probably speak on this a little bit more if you guys want to. I know you guys work directly with the clients a little bit more than I do. But I essentially would want us. something up that way and then we could do more like. advanced, you know, not everything has to be resume building. We could do like more advanced levels. goals, you know, like this is how you start. how you then add as you go.
evangeline sandoval (10:12 AM): and we're just more than happy to kind of be that. because that's all we've ever known anyways. So you let us know and honestly like for me.
evangeline sandoval (10:11 AM): I, for me, honestly, it's, you know, I, I feel like this, this lines up perfectly with how our office operates, you know, everything we've created, we've created from zero. We haven't. learned we haven't done anything the way the rest of these agencies do it. That's how we've been able to be as successful as we are.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:11 AM): So I'm a huge person for that.
evangeline sandoval (10:11 AM): is gonna be here, you know?
evangeline sandoval (10:11 AM): the tools and it's just a matter of like how do we know these tools are successful and I think like that's truly where we we come in you know and for you to know Andrés a lot of what is our agency what is our office since we've been under me it's been a lot of testing you know it's a lot of mistakes it's a lot of learning so we're here for that we're all for that I'm not afraid of of testing out systems and them not being successful because ultimately they lead us to the successful systems that we're able to utilize. I'm a huge person on educating our clients. That's all I tell everyone. You need to empower the client, teach the client because we're not always
evangeline sandoval (10:11 AM): It sounds great to me, you know, it sounds like you are creating and developing
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:10 AM): And I know last time it went a little bit longer than we expected. For the next ones, we'll make sure that we're planning accordingly so that we stay within time so that we can reach as many people as possible. Any questions so far? Sorry. No. I think it's it's great.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:10 AM): know, the quarterly meeting. even just during the job fairs, right? continuing to have those small spaces.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:10 AM): And obviously, as we start completing and developing these tools, one of the things that I want to do is be able to bring those tools to you first for you guys to test out, you know, deliver directly to you and the other partnerships we have, nonprofits like Mano de Cristo, Jails to Jobs, because that's where we want to test it out with our real users, with the real candidates. So that opens another opportunity, right, you know, testing and improving tools. as they come and deliver.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:09 AM): is that it's still even faster, that this AI assistant is going to guide you through the entire process. It's going to actually assist you. You can ask it just like, show me jobs near me. And it will say, OK, what is your zip code? And then here's the jobs near you. what type of job are you looking for, right? So that's where we wanna go.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:09 AM): faster and easier. And you know, six months ago. years ago, you couldn't create a resume in under 10 minutes. Today we can, right? But the idea is
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:09 AM): to make the process easier and easier, right? We're going to move more towards. You guys have used GPT in the past? Yeah. We're going to move towards more of an aid. assistant for people that That you know, you're actually going to be able to communicate through. because what we understand is. Process is simple, but it could be.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:09 AM): You can build as many as you want for free. And the good thing is, you know, some of the things that we want. do moving forward is we want to continue to
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:08 AM): want to empower people. And then, you know, obviously, again, it's going to save a lot of time for the case workers, because you're no longer having to create individual resumes for everyone. We're now doing a coaching session, we're going to teach you how to use the tool. And you're going to build that resume. Actually, you're going to.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:08 AM): so that they can provide the tool for people, a tool that they can continue to use. regardless of it's a X or Y. Because in the end, that's what we.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:08 AM): From here, I need to update my resume. I don't know how to. Create a new resume because I had three jobs in the last And I want to make sure that those skills are on there. So, so that's really. meaningful. And honestly, I think part, you know, most of the conversation. of what I had planned was around that. It was how do we. coach or help the caseworker.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:08 AM): right? I mean, it's not something that as long as they don't have a case worker anymore, then people wouldn't know. or where to go or where do I go from here?
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:07 AM): built on the empowerment of whenever and if. If the funding is over for the actual. then people still have those tools. You know, the things that they've learned will... you know, will stay within time.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:07 AM): I mean, they are creating restaurants for people. They are helping them find jobs. But what if we switch the mentality to rather than doing for them, we're actually giving them the tools. right? We because because that
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:07 AM): job fair, I mean, it was, it was really kind We really need to help two things. We need to help. the case workers. be able to get things done faster, right?
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:07 AM): together. That's really what really moves us, right? It's understanding that people have skills, they have abilities, we just don't currently know or they don't know where to go and where do we even get started. Something very valuable that you said is, you know, you guys like your partner. and he kind of tell all the right. in case you guys are no longer there. And when Zane and I first talked about this after the
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:06 AM): you know, it's better for you to start from scratch, you know, and that. Meaning when you start from, you know, when you start. but you have the elements necessary to put it all together.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:06 AM): tools for finding better jobs. The lack of resumes in the community is insane. We don't really realize how much of a gap there is until you actually start sitting down with people and understanding that, hey, whether you were a professional back home, or you build a career on. skilled labor. You don't have to start from zero here, right?
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:06 AM): underserved when it comes to technology.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (10:06 AM): Chris.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:06 AM): I love it. Thank you. It makes me so I'm so happy, you know. strap company you know I mean this is all about a full-time commitment to really understand the needs of of people out there.
evangeline sandoval (10:05 AM): you still have the opportunity to continue to impact our people, you know? So that's kind of where I'm at. That's what I really would love to get from this is to kind of set something up solid with you.
evangeline sandoval (10:05 AM): that either serve the same population that we do or do similar work. And I would be more than happy to share your information there. So even when you're not working with us or when our office no longer exists,
evangeline sandoval (10:05 AM): Tuesday of the month we have resume building and we can invite. Our clients there, you know, like that's the vision. for you and for our office. I would also love to kind of sit down and understand your programs more because we quarterly consultations when we meet with the other agencies within Austin.
evangeline sandoval (10:04 AM): him do like reoccurring classes within our agency with our employment department. We do, it is a requirement with the federal regulation that they have to do resume building, like that's one of the job building courses we have to offer as an employment program. So for me, I was telling Zane and I was telling our employment program team Like we should set him up and say like every this every second.
evangeline sandoval (10:04 AM): I'm like everything is feels personal me because it is my reality, you know, so I appreciate that. how you did it. So I just wanted to say a huge kudos to that and so much to eat. For me, I told Zane, I was like, I would love to have
evangeline sandoval (10:04 AM): And honestly, the reality is I was really impressed. I'm impressed. immigrants, you know, coming from that being my background. with my parents so it was truly amazing. It meant a lot to me to see the way. You carry this profession. but there's realism and connecting with the clients.
evangeline sandoval (10:03 AM): Definitely, so I don't know if I had the opportunity to formally introduce myself to you at the job fair, so it was kind of a big day, but I am evangeline sandoval, I'm the site director here at TechSphere Austin. So good to formally meet you and thank you. for your time today. I did get. opportunity to sit in a little bit on some of the job fair stuff so I got to see a little of you in action and what you are going to do.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:03 AM): Do you have any questions that I can answer? before we get started. Do you guys have a thought on where you want to take the I do have a couple of things that I definitely wanted to touch on.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:03 AM): have to make sure that we have better access to better. So, yeah, I mean, Before we get started, I know I've talked to. to Jane a couple of times. actually worked on the last job for together.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:02 AM): You know, how can how oil can be a resource, you know, not just for you guys as caseworkers and as an organization helping refugees, but also really to figure out how we can. you know, bigger help. to the community, to the refugees. to the people that are coming in. And obviously we all know everything starts with. With work, everything starts with... for us to be able to achieve better quality.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:02 AM): Again, thank you for being here today. I'm super excited, really, to see.
evangeline sandoval (10:02 AM): It's not a problem at all. I'm doing great. Thank you. Thank you for asking
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:02 AM): And it's, it's.
evangeline sandoval (10:02 AM): Sorry, my last meeting ran a little bit over.
UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (10:02 AM): Good morning.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:02 AM): Here we go, evangelism. Good morning.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:02 AM): All right, yeah, we'll give it a couple minutes and get started.
Zane Gibson (10:02 AM): It should be me, either. one or both of my PIMs and then my site director should be joining as well. Perfect. Very good.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:02 AM): So we have. We have three, three.
Zane Gibson (10:01 AM): As well, joining the meeting as well. Yeah, no, let's do that.
Zane Gibson (10:01 AM): Just super busy as you probably are aware and probably can relate to as well. really well, looking forward to the rest of the week.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:01 AM): together to build on. on the initial event that we worked on together. and to build hopefully on a partnership. you know, on a long term. basis.
Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (10:01 AM): of, you know, really, really look. what options we have. for us to be able to work to
