---
type: teams-digest
ingested: true
ingested_at: 2026-04-21
ingested_run: 17
---
# Teams Digest — Apr 20 to Apr 21

**Extracted:** 2026-04-21 | **Window:** last 1 days

**Teams covered:** 1 | **Total messages pulled:** 161

---

## Team Channels

---

## Chats (1:1 and Group)

### Moil Team (67 messages)

- **Taiwo Ola Balogun** Apr 21 10:44PM: While waiting for you to daybreak in your end ser, I would explore connectex. Reason I had for the crm url and authentication. DO they have their own supabase&nbsp;
- **Taiwo Ola Balogun** Apr 21 10:43PM: We will do that tomorrow ser on the call
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 10:21PM: Taiwo Ola Balogun
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 10:21PM: But we need to finish fitlogic so we can get her all switched over! We need to add her email, actually deploy to her domain and then be done with it!
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 10:20PM: Oh yes absolutely
- **Taiwo Ola Balogun** Apr 21 10:10PM: Andres Urrego&nbsp; I meant with those images!! Other than fitlogic we have 8 products!! I really need to finalize fitlogic Taiwo!! I need to move on to other projects so we can start getting paid! Sir, I am ready to work on connectex. Can I get the link to the CRM for that so that I can play with that and start work tomorrow
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 09:57PM: I meant with those images!! Other than fitlogic we have 8 products!! I really need to finalize fitlogic Taiwo!! I need to move on to other projects so we can start getting paid!
- **Taiwo Ola Balogun** Apr 21 09:56PM: We are still getting some things done on the fitlogic end
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 09:46PM: Any other pending? 🚀
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 09:46PM: Lol thanks
- **Taiwo Ola Balogun** Apr 21 09:46PM: Already changed that
- **Taiwo Ola Balogun** Apr 21 09:45PM: My bad, didn't remember the og image of this application was different from the landing page
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 09:12PM: Come on!!! Why is this still the image and messaging for our links?? FUCK!
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 09:02PM: but shouldn't they be the same?&nbsp;
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 09:02PM: I have godaddy access, email access, current crm acccess
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 09:02PM: When do you have time later today for us to finish wiring everything up for her
- **Taiwo Ola Balogun** Apr 21 09:00PM: partners@moilapp.com is for sending email
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 09:00PM: but we are sending from an email and loading emails from another?? that doesn't make sense!
- **Taiwo Ola Balogun** Apr 21 08:59PM: My mail is the one connected, if you want to connect another, disconnect mine and send that mail to me, I will add it to the test user mail on google and you will be able to see it
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 08:56PM: its confusing
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 08:56PM: got it, but then it shows your email lol
- **Taiwo Ola Balogun** Apr 21 08:48PM: I just checked that for campaign
- **Taiwo Ola Balogun** Apr 21 08:45PM: We have verified that on resend
- **Taiwo Ola Balogun** Apr 21 08:44PM: Yeah, that is the mail we are using to test for now
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 08:40PM: what email are using to send this?? She says she got it from partners@moilapp.com??
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 08:38PM: go check it out its only in sequences
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 08:38PM: you cant lol&nbsp;
- **Taiwo Ola Balogun** Apr 21 08:38PM: Andres Urrego&nbsp; We also need option to edit the links attached to the email 🙂 Yeah you can do that but you have to click editing the campaign
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 08:34PM: I'll add you but stay as listener so we can get her ffedback, we can work on this later
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 08:34PM: We also need option to edit the links attached to the email
- **Taiwo Ola Balogun** Apr 21 08:33PM: Andres Urrego&nbsp; Taiwo&nbsp;Ola&nbsp;Balogun&nbsp;where did the option to edit emails go for fitlogic? 🙁 Add me to the call sir. Let me see
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 08:33PM: ALl good. Making notes
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 08:33PM: Looks like sequences has it but not campaigns lol&nbsp;
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 08:32PM: Taiwo&nbsp;Ola&nbsp;Balogun&nbsp;where did the option to edit emails go for fitlogic?
- **Taiwo Ola Balogun** Apr 21 06:46PM: Andres Urrego&nbsp; Taiwo&nbsp;Ola&nbsp;Balogun&nbsp;we need to add day or light mnode to the coach we got rid of it I will check that out ser
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 06:26PM: is stagebeta broken?
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 06:08PM: Taiwo&nbsp;Ola&nbsp;Balogun&nbsp;we need to add day or light mnode to the coach we got rid of it
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 04:36PM: please!! &nbsp;
- **Adeleke Tolulope** Apr 21 04:36PM: we should jump on a call now?
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 04:36PM: Steve call me and we can review together, call in 25 min for demo!!
- **Adeleke Tolulope** Apr 21 04:35PM: failed to download video?
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 04:35PM: oh oh
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 04:34PM: Failed to download assest too
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 04:29PM: I got this again...
- **Adeleke Tolulope** Apr 21 04:18PM: Okay
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 04:18PM: should be final backup as it takes a bit longer
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 04:18PM: yes sir
- **Adeleke Tolulope** Apr 21 04:17PM: For video, does qwen support video?
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 04:13PM: Great, and add a qwen model for backup as well
- **Adeleke Tolulope** Apr 21 04:12PM: I wanna make sure when this happens it fall back to grok even tho the user didn’t select grok
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 04:12PM: Awesome &nbsp;
- **Adeleke Tolulope** Apr 21 04:11PM: The error was from Gemini directly, but I tried it now it worked
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 04:01PM: Got a call in an hour to show Moil360, so hopefully it works! &nbsp;
- **Adeleke Tolulope** Apr 21 03:58PM: I am checking it right now
- **Adeleke Tolulope** Apr 21 03:58PM: yes
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 03:57PM: Is this on prod? Adeleke Tolulope Jacob Oluwole
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 03:52PM: Adeleke&nbsp;Tolulope... got this when I wanted to create a video from the still image
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 03:51PM: Can Internet connection cause this bug?
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 12:40PM: I can still send to them again... It won't be too much.. or will it?
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 12:40PM: I sent it to all the business emails accounts that is signed in on Moil
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 12:21PM: Jacob Oluwole can we please gather all the emails for everyone who got a Buda license last cohort? We need to send them an email as well with all the updates! Or did those come in already?
- **Adeleke Tolulope** Apr 21 11:35AM: 👍🏻
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 11:35AM: Done ✔️
- **Adeleke Tolulope** Apr 21 11:34AM: Or iPhone 17 pro max
- **Adeleke Tolulope** Apr 21 11:34AM: Now anybody with A53 5G should please tap yes
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 11:31AM: Pr0ud**2023$
- **Adeleke Tolulope** Apr 21 11:31AM: Jacob Oluwole Andres Urrego Abiodun Adekanmi please what’s the password for cs@moilapp.com

### 1:1 with Jacob Oluwole (55 messages)

- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 09:48PM: Adding more features
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 09:09PM: redesigning? I just need it to work lol
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 09:09PM: We are planning to redesign that section of our dashboard....
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 09:08PM: lol
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 09:08PM: Go to licenses
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 09:08PM: Yeah...
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 09:07PM: How do I see who has licenses?&nbsp;
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 09:07PM: is this the portal?&nbsp;
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 09:07PM: &nbsp; jilledegs01@gmail.com - Pending 4/15/2026 - &nbsp;
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 09:06PM: Did we send the other one to Jill? From pure serenity?&gt;&nbsp;
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 08:56PM: Thanks
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 08:32PM: She should be able to access Moil 360
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 08:29PM: correct, references and shows one page on the profile
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 08:18PM: So the single plan that she has is not connected to the business coach, correct?
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 08:16PM: now has one plan and still doesn't use that plan!
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 08:16PM: I don't understand this..
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 08:16PM: She had multiple plans and still culdnt do it!!
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 08:15PM: You can't switch business plan if you don't have multiple plans
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 08:15PM: I will out to Steve
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 08:14PM: Wow.. &nbsp; Probably the same thing that happened to me happened to her
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 08:14PM: doesn't let her &nbsp;Interesting.... She has posted jobs and all, we are on her profile now! She cant
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 08:13PM: We already added the marketing plan yearly
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 08:13PM: That's fit logic's account
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 08:13PM: Can we please get her the license?&nbsp;
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 08:13PM: I am on my pc now.. in case you want to call..
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 07:57PM: Can you please make sure we track better the things that are pending!! THIS IS A CLIENT
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 07:32PM: says plan profile is 30% complete
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 07:31PM: her profile doesn't have option to switch business plans, very weird&nbsp;
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 07:27PM: It is very frustrating&nbsp;
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 07:26PM: She doesn't have a license &nbsp;Two weeks asking and we don't have it for a demo call &nbsp;
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 07:22PM: I believe so… I will also confirm from my end…
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 07:21PM: or has it just been activated to her account?&nbsp;
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 07:21PM: I will ask&nbsp;
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 07:20PM: Has she not seen it?
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 07:20PM: Yes I did that with Steve
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 07:19PM: https://partners.moilapp.com/moil-admin/dashboard
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 07:19PM: but I asked for a new license to Moil360&nbsp;
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 07:19PM: Ohh okay
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 07:19PM: she
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 07:19PM: Yes boss
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 07:19PM: He was assigned license from Buda
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 07:19PM: its Megan from fit logic I have sent it a few times
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 07:19PM: Yes, we have
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 07:18PM: What is his email address?
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 07:17PM: Do I have access to send this licenses and the dashboard??
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 07:16PM: Did we send the license to fitlogic Jacob&nbsp;Oluwole
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 06:27PM: hmmm!! &nbsp; Can we please resend from cs@moilapp.com or can I have the links please?&nbsp; &nbsp; For example Roxana didn't get her link and she signed up and paid $75 l;ast night&nbsp;
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 06:14PM: Yeah
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 06:13PM: Yeah… some of our emails from partners goes to spam I have asked the devs they said they can't do optimize it more so that it won't be on spam
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 06:08PM: did it come from partners?&nbsp;
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 06:06PM: I dont think they are getting the emails lol
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 06:06PM: wasn't sure what email it went to
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 05:49PM: Where? I don't understand..
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 21 05:48PM: Yes, we did
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 05:47PM: Jacob&nbsp;Oluwole&nbsp;where did we send the email for the license to siren beauty!!

### Megan & Andres (1 messages)

- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 08:59PM: Subject: Fit Logic Website — Outstanding Items Before Delivery Hi [Agency Name], Thank you for the work on the Fit Logic Functional Medicine site. We've completed a full review and have items that need to be resolved before we can consider this ready for handover. These are blockers — the site cannot go live until they're fixed: Every image on the site is missing alt text — this is a sitewide SEO and accessibility failureThe homepage has no H1 tagThree blog posts have chiropractic-themed URL slu

### 1:1 with Taiwo Ola Balogun (11 messages)

- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 07:54PM: for the links where can we manage those inside the platform?&nbsp;
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 07:54PM: LET'S WORK ON THIS! &nbsp;
- **Taiwo Ola Balogun** Apr 21 05:10PM: There is nothing the auto schedule is doing because once I schedule it is automatic whether checked or not. Other emails in the sequence are sent automatically
- **Taiwo Ola Balogun** Apr 21 04:48PM: Andres Urrego&nbsp; How’s fitlogic coming along? Worked on the bugs we discussed yesterday already
- **Taiwo Ola Balogun** Apr 21 04:48PM: Andres Urrego&nbsp; Got a minute so we can go over it? Okay sir
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 03:58PM: Saw a few emails this morning
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 03:58PM: How’s fitlogic coming along?
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 03:57PM: Got a minute so we can go over it?
- **Taiwo Ola Balogun** Apr 21 03:34PM: Should I work on the design also alongside with the functioanlities
- **Taiwo Ola Balogun** Apr 21 03:34PM: What is the url of the connectex crm
- **Taiwo Ola Balogun** Apr 21 03:34PM: Good morning Andres

### 1:1 with Adeleke Tolulope (22 messages)

- **Adeleke Tolulope** Apr 21 05:29PM: Claude already pushed the update, it deploying right now on AWS
- **Adeleke Tolulope** Apr 21 05:31PM: Fixes deployed already
- **Adeleke Tolulope** Apr 21 05:29PM: Okay
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 05:24PM: template failing sometimes
- **Adeleke Tolulope** Apr 21 05:20PM: I’ll pull and deploy
- **Adeleke Tolulope** Apr 21 05:20PM: I can see that now
- **Adeleke Tolulope** Apr 21 05:20PM: Nice
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 05:12PM: I continued the chat, you can review
- **Adeleke Tolulope** Apr 21 05:12PM: Oh okay
- **Adeleke Tolulope** Apr 21 05:12PM: Omg Please I need to restart my system so I can fix this, it’s going to take few minutes
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 05:12PM: tried again and worked
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 05:12PM: It got stuck for a min
- **Adeleke Tolulope** Apr 21 05:11PM: Can’t create images?
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 05:09PM: cant create images
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 05:07PM: Let's do a run of why image creation is taking so long... at least a minute to create an image when it used to happen right away
- **Adeleke Tolulope** Apr 21 05:02PM: okay sir
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 05:02PM: Please let me know when done!
- **Adeleke Tolulope** Apr 21 05:00PM: just completed it, let me review and push
- **Adeleke Tolulope** Apr 21 05:00PM: claude is still working on it the bugs tho
- **Adeleke Tolulope** Apr 21 04:59PM: can we still jump on a call?
- **Adeleke Tolulope** Apr 21 04:59PM: whay system hanged
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 04:56PM: trying to call you back

### Moil Marketing (5 messages)

- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 05:18PM: MOIL 360 BABY!!
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 01:05PM: Agreed! 🚀🚀
- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 21 12:59PM: I thought that we can be using unrelated materials to grab attention to our messages
- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 21 12:59PM: Yeah.
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 21 12:21PM: I like it, maybe just better text!!

---
