# Teams Digest — Apr 25 to Apr 26

**Extracted:** 2026-04-26 | **Window:** last 1 days

**Teams covered:** 1 | **Total messages pulled:** 18

---

## Team Channels

### Team: Moil

### #Alerts (1 messages)



---

## Chats (1:1 and Group)

### 1:1 with Taiwo Ola Balogun (4 messages)

- **Andres Urrego** Apr 26 08:22PM: There’s a few of them, look really nice
- **Taiwo Ola Balogun** Apr 26 08:22PM: Checked that out already. We will implement that loading state
- **Taiwo Ola Balogun** Apr 26 08:22PM: Checked that out already. We will implement that loading state
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 26 12:36AM: https://x.com/bzagrodzki/status/2048091983328223415?s=12&amp;t=iboCHfWXcd_d-kaRPaBFSg We need this for Moil

### Moil Marketing (12 messages)

- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 26 08:09PM: Viewers will rotate their phones if we prompt them right
- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 26 08:09PM: There is a way we can use it on IG even though it's in landscape.&nbsp;
- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 26 08:08PM: Yes sir. Can you make a copy without the background sound?
- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 26 08:06PM: These ones sir?
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 26 08:06PM: I appreciate you putting the work in! You rock! Did you have a chance to watch the video I created for Moil? We could use better background music
- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 26 08:04PM: Thank you. I am in
- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 26 08:03PM: that expired already
- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 26 08:03PM: Please send the new one
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 26 08:02PM: Just sent it! 🚀🚀👏🏽👏🏽
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 26 08:02PM: Yes sir
- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 26 08:02PM: Hi Andres&nbsp;Urrego &nbsp; please are you available to log me in on HeyGen?
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 26 08:02PM: Hello

### 1:1 with Adeleke Tolulope (1 messages)

- **Andres Urrego** Apr 26 12:36AM: https://x.com/gdb/status/2048162286838444511?s=12&amp;t=iboCHfWXcd_d-kaRPaBFSg Have we reviewed the cost of this model? We should definitely start using for high value assets… and maybe even for Moil360 depending on cost But defi

---
