---
type: teams-message
ingested: true
ingested_at: 2026-04-18
---
# Teams Digest — Apr 17 to Apr 18

**Extracted:** 2026-04-18 | **Window:** last 1 days

**Teams covered:** 1 | **Total messages pulled:** 51

---

## Team Channels

---

## Chats (1:1 and Group)

### 1:1 with Adeleke Tolulope (1 messages)

- **Andres Urrego** Apr 18 10:51PM: Sorry Steve I was working on a different project and for some reason it did an audit and worked on some fixes. Please review to make sure nothing was broken or revert if it was. &nbsp; Thanks&nbsp; &nbsp; https://claude.ai/code/session_01PP9t1m41A2snaRRACs3TNs

### Moil Team (36 messages)

- **Andres Urrego** Apr 18 08:25PM: Meaning you can use the coach?
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 18 08:24PM: So you can’t test the business coach?
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 18 08:24PM: Not bad not bad… One major bug I encountered was with the business coach not responding which I shared
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 18 08:22PM: Offline… I don't understand…
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 18 08:20PM: Jacob Oluwole how did today since you were testing?
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 18 08:20PM: So you are offline?
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 18 03:14PM: Adeleke&nbsp;Tolulope i am not sure my business plan was connected on Prod... please look into this
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 18 01:47PM: We got this! Let’s make sure next week we move faster! We have to start delivering this projects
- **Taiwo Ola Balogun** Apr 18 01:42PM: Andres Urrego&nbsp; Please setup delivery calls for projects that are not at 11pm or 2am my time! That way we can actually go through the projects before my meetings Okay ser
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 18 01:12PM: Please setup delivery calls for projects that are not at 11pm or 2am my time! That way we can actually go through the projects before my meetings
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 18 01:12PM: The application doesn’t flow like it used to!
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 18 01:11PM: If that’s the only issue then you didn’t read my notes!
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 18 01:11PM: But if you look at the previous code the application used a source of truth (business plan) to basically do everything!
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 18 01:11PM: Thats not the only thing!!
- **Taiwo Ola Balogun** Apr 18 01:07PM: Andres Urrego&nbsp; Taiwo Ola Balogun I know we “messed up” the demo…. What has been done since to fix it? Did we deliver and left it like that or did we work on it since yesterday? The only thing wrong yesterday was the context. I think it was defined in lovable. I used same prompts but couldn’t replicate. Andres Urrego since you are familiar with the business more. Can you provide me with better context to add to the prompts to generate desirable results
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 18 12:59PM: It will show on our partners' dashboard that they have activated their licenses
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 18 12:58PM: Yes boss I missed out on Alloy… I just sent him the invite🙏
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 18 12:52PM: ????
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 18 12:54PM: And do we know if they got activated? Have we sent the follow up emails to the people who have not activated?
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 18 12:54PM: All of them?
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 18 12:52PM: Ohh this… I have sent them the invite
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 18 12:51PM: Taiwo Ola Balogun I know we “messed up” the demo…. What has been done since to fix it? Did we deliver and left it like that or did we work on it since yesterday?
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 18 12:50PM: I saw this!!
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 18 12:50PM: I asked to send emails to moil360 to multiple users their one year license!! 🫠
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 18 12:49PM: It’s taken us a full week to test 4 projects I built on one week! I don’t know how that makes sense!
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 18 12:50PM: This email to existing users, right?
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 18 12:49PM: I must have misread you then
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 18 12:49PM: Not the same email I am asking about!
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 18 12:49PM: I sent out the email yesterday… did you receive it?
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 18 12:47PM: Beauuuutfiul!! Have we sent all the emails out to the clients I asked you about? Why did we wait for an update to push instead of manually sending the licenses to people who are going to use them? It’s almost like we made people wait this entire week to use our platform because “we didn’t have an automation for it”
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 18 12:44PM: Not I don't think so… Expect for Conectex Moil updates has been pushed to prod and I'm currently testing them out
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 18 12:39PM: What do we have pending for this week?
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 18 12:39PM: Good morning Good morning Boss
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 18 12:38PM: Jacob Oluwole good morning! How’s today coming along?
- **Adeleke Tolulope** Apr 18 05:21AM: Yes sir
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 18 12:08AM: Jacob Oluwole what time are we meeting tomorrow? Steve how did it go today? Are we good to start playing around with the restructuring of the business side onboarding?

### Moil Marketing (9 messages)

- **Andres Urrego** Apr 18 08:20PM: Lol I think it was supposed to say content and ideas. What I mean is that if we push everything on a Tuesday, let’s now sit until Sunday to review if possible. We build more cushion to be ahead so we get more and more organized as we go!
- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 18 04:13PM: Everything for the weel was done. I submitted all for Inna on Monday, part for Moil on Monday and sent the last item the video for Moil on Thursday
- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 18 04:19PM: Also, what do you mean ...every single day....? Since if I submit content for the entire week at the beginning of the week, I'll be working on content for the following week. Unless you want me to be sending them in on the go as each one is ready
- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 18 04:17PM: I don't understand what you mean by ...content anf lesss fees...every single day &nbsp; What fees are you talking about please?
- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 18 04:15PM: Next week content for Moil and Inna are not ready yet. I'll send them tomorrow as requested
- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 18 04:12PM: Good morning Andres Urrego
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 18 12:54PM: I need to see content and less fees in this group every single day!! Please get back to me asap! I want to see all the content for next week by tomorrow as I have made clear is my expectation for the last year!
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 18 12:53PM: How many days did we work this week? 🙃😦
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 18 12:53PM: Abiodun Adekanmi Can I please get a recap of this weeks content production, what was done and what didn’t get completed please? And can you please share with me the content for Moil and Inna for next week?

### 1:1 with Jacob Oluwole (5 messages)

- **Andres Urrego** Apr 18 12:48PM: Discussed but they didn’t get finished!! WE ARE VERY BEHIND and I didn’t see the same commitment this week that we need to be successful!
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 18 12:48PM: Nah Do you have the meeting transcript from your call yesterday that you can share
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 18 12:47PM: We focused on Meridian and fit logic this week we have Connectex as one of top priorities that we have not looked at
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 18 12:39PM: Did everyone take yesterday off? 😆
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 18 12:39PM: Hello sir!! Did we get everything done this week? Can you please send me an update? We didn’t test but 2 projects. We have 6

---
