---
type: transcript
ingested: true
ingested_at: 2026-05-04
---

# Meeting Transcript: 2024-10-24-marketing-call
**Date:** 2024-10-24
**Type:** meeting-transcript

Oct 24, 2024 | Marketing Call Invited Guests : Live Note s | Read Meeting Report ———————— Live Transcript (12:15 PM): Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:14 PM): Thank you so much. I really appreciate it. I'll talk to you soon. thank you. Thank you guys. Abiodun Solomon (12:14 PM): Awesome, guys. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (12:14 PM): Okay. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:14 PM): for the link on. to the group and then that, you know, that Dafne, Jacob and I can figure out, you know, so that we can start posting those as well. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:13 PM): Okay, do me a favor when you have. a chance, just grab a couple of those and search for them the job titles. see if they're available and send us the list. Abiodun Solomon (12:13 PM): I'm not sure. was a document. I don't know. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:13 PM): posted on the website? Abiodun Solomon (12:13 PM): that I worked on. Abiodun Solomon (12:13 PM): the new list compiled by Jacob. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:13 PM): like um jobs job post for Yeah, those are the ones that we're using, but. But we still, I don't know. Abiodun Solomon (12:13 PM): For Zachary What's that? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:13 PM): There's a new list though that I designed. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:12 PM): And ideally, obviously, we go down the list. All of the San Antonio jobs. We don't have a whole lot right now in Austin that are posted directly through us. Josh is Antonio big, big, heavy push. Dafne Gutierrez (12:12 PM): for the master electrician. And I was going over the other one. On the what is cool. Yeah, the internet one. Oh, yeah. Okay. Okay. Dafne Gutierrez (12:12 PM): Okay, yeah, I already shared so. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:12 PM): the, like, the master electrician job and you share it to 20 groups, kind of just make a quick note, master electrician 20 groups, just so we can get an idea and make sure that we're always sharing a balance. you know, so that we can always know that we're sharing. a balanced amount for all the jobs. You know what I mean? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:11 PM): for all of us to kind of be on the same page here. far as content for the week. And then the other stuff so Other than that guys, thank you so much for your time. started on the video right now. Dafne, please let me know. how it goes with the activity. Um, you know, just if you can. if you can kind of track, you know, what your post. what you're, you know, like, let's say if you're sharing. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:11 PM): or even looking at, you know, on seeing if Jacob has schedule post for the entire week and that's why We just haven't heard from him. Either way, yeah, I'm not. I don't have the answers to one or three. have the answers to some of these. Can you please touch base? with Dafne either on the group or over a phone call, whatever you guys want. But then it would be ideal. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:11 PM): Um... Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:11 PM): back to me on. you know, again, if, if, if the posts weren't scary. You can actually chat with Abla too and see. You know, we had a. for this week and if the schedule was complete. Did we have all the images? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:10 PM): number three. I just want the answers to it. Okay. So, He's going to have those. those answers but I. want you to actually be up to date with it. So, I'm tagging both of you. So if you can please because he's not he did tell me he wasn't gonna be available for this morning calls So if you can please just message him for you guys to find a good time. I and then catch up on this and then get back. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:10 PM): Dafne, I did... right here on the first page. And actually what I'm going to have. you please do is I want you to or maybe message on the group. if you can message Jacob and then you guys can find a time. and then work on these two points. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (12:10 PM): Questions? Abiodun Solomon (12:10 PM): All right, cool. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:09 PM): Yeah, and honestly at this point, now that I'm looking at it, I mean, now that I added this entire one again, I kind of just, they're kind of like the same. So yeah, I'll try it. If option one fits in one minute or. less. Then I'll do that one and ignore. and then I'll go with option two. Yes. Dafne Gutierrez (12:09 PM): will be. For sure. Dafne Gutierrez (12:09 PM): Yes, it's just if you want to add more, I know, like, more details to it, then the first option. Abiodun Solomon (12:09 PM): Yeah. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (12:09 PM): Yes. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:09 PM): we just leave the rest of it like that? Abiodun Solomon (12:09 PM): That's fine. It's a little bit summarized and then Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:08 PM): it's just I think the rest of it though does where it cut off a lot of other words on the other ones. I think it's good. It's very straightforward. to the point and I like that, right? Like this. Hi, I'm Andrés from Moyo. We know how important... your business is to this city and we want to. grow completely free, right? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:08 PM): Yeah, you're right. Okay, so how about like. Abiodun Solomon (12:08 PM): I mean, I think So, for example, the That's where we use those screen recorders. The line you are taking is supposed to be a little... Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:08 PM): I think. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:08 PM): The two that I copied and pasted on the... So... And option one and option two. one's a little shorter than the actually quite a bit shorter than the other. Abiodun Solomon (12:08 PM): You were saying long or short? I don't understand version of. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:08 PM): Sorry, what did you say? Abiodun Solomon (12:07 PM): Can you repeat yourself, please? What? UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (12:07 PM): side. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:07 PM): Okay, cool. All right. Ah, so short, long or short? What do we? Abiodun Solomon (12:07 PM): local business people working. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:07 PM): Austin, so that's great. Just Texas ones. Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm to the you guys. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:07 PM): Great, nothing else. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:07 PM): We'll promote it per city first. We'll start here in Austin. That's where we want to be right now. Subscribe and well makes it Model makes you a candidate. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:07 PM): But then again, we can update those images. very unique to each city. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:06 PM): Texas. Love it. Abiodun Solomon (12:06 PM): Well, who can say Texas? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:06 PM): Austin in the video. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:06 PM): I'm seeing a bridge. Which I'm not yes that one beautiful downtown if you search Austin downtown and going to see a lot of downtown area. And again, you know, by using this, we can, by making sure that we don't say Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:06 PM): or something like that, free videos. Abiodun Solomon (12:06 PM): Oh, okay for be like footage of downtown. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:06 PM): hands. Ablai, do you want to start? Check out and see online. I'm already checking. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:05 PM): So I'll record this today, guys. I'll work on the recording of this. Yeah, I think I can definitely fit this under 100. I mean under 30 seconds. I don't know why I said 100 in the 30 seconds. Abiodun Solomon (12:05 PM): All right. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (12:04 PM): you Dafne Gutierrez (12:04 PM): OK. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:04 PM): Do you like better? Let me read Through the small one. Abiodun Solomon (12:04 PM): Dafne, which option? Abiodun Solomon (12:03 PM): soon, everyone. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:03 PM): No. Abiodun Solomon (12:03 PM): Okay, cool. What do you think there? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:02 PM): you Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:02 PM): It's a lot shorter, really. Abiodun Solomon (12:02 PM): All right. So you like this one? Abiodun Solomon (12:02 PM): for the mobile described. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (12:02 PM): Perfect. Abiodun Solomon (12:02 PM): a medium shots from your... Just something like that. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:01 PM): Yeah, I'll just do it with my phone then. Abiodun Solomon (12:01 PM): I want to be sure. Instagram we are promoting on instagram So standing, okay, sorry. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:01 PM): Oh, yeah, I don't know. It's not me. Abiodun Solomon (12:01 PM): One of the last thing we have decided is if you are recording portrait or If we are one. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:01 PM): I like it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:00 PM): Okay, this one's a lot shorter. So go ahead. and read it. There's just only. one part that I don't like, but overall. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:00 PM): Oops. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (12:00 PM): an option just okay I'm gonna I'm gonna put Right underneath this one, okay, in the next. stage. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:59 AM): Okay, I'm gonna copy these sections Abiodun Solomon (11:59 AM): Okay, look, I like this. Abiodun Solomon (11:59 AM): Yeah, I think probably third 30-40 seconds at most. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:59 AM): Yes. Is it possible? I think this is definitely, I honestly think this is underwhelming. it. Okay. Abiodun Solomon (11:58 AM): Please keep it under one minute. Under one minute? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:58 AM): How are you supposed to defend? All right. I think that's a good start, right? I mean, I think that's... Do you guys like it? enough. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:58 AM): Businesses There you go. Something like that is better. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:57 AM): going to be those two parts. Andrés on camera at the beginning, very short. We know how important your business is to the city. And then the second part, I just updated it. Don't miss out on our two-minute job posting tool, completely free. Over 85 businesses. Look at it. It's trying to trick me. Okay. Cool all right that's that website Austin businesses. was for free in November. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:57 AM): it, send it your way. And then yeah, it's only. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:57 AM): that the Eventually, yeah, once we have money we'll buy all those tools man. There's some AI tools now that you can't I don't know if well, actually you have pretty cool software because you have a I do have all the tools. So I don't know no need to change the background honestly I mean it's just a black So, I'll record it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:57 AM): I have a call so I'll probably But right after this call just recorded. And then again, you know, make whatever changes you want. I don't even know. Can you do background changes if you want to? I don't know how that works. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:56 AM): That's fine. That's what I'm I'll probably record either here in my office. or I just yeah I don't I don't have anybody to record If I want to record it now, I'm probably going to do that right after this call because then at 1 30 I Abiodun Solomon (11:56 AM): or more parts. Those are the places where. your face may have to show. No, that's fine. Abiodun Solomon (11:56 AM): So that's intro, the introduction and then. The this. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:56 AM): I think I'll make this one just a bit shorter. Abiodun Solomon (11:56 AM): Okay, and I think this, yeah, I think I can save some space. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:56 AM): lower than usual. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:55 AM): straight to you. Done. I mean, that was probably more than five seconds. I think that's. fine. Or maybe I can do a little bit faster. But I think on the voiceover, I'll just do it a little bit, just a little bit slow. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:55 AM): of these stakes, right? makes it easy but also smart. Our platform. matches you with qualified candidates. nearby who have the skills you need. You post a job and we handle the rest, bring in the talent. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (11:55 AM): Yeah, this one. Exactly, exactly. Perfect. Yeah. So however long. Abiodun Solomon (11:55 AM): saying this one or two, I liked it. and puts the screen recording the wrong way. six seconds or five seconds. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:55 AM): What's that? I said it is. Abiodun Solomon (11:55 AM): What? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:55 AM): Also, yeah, so this is voiceover, for example. example. Oh, I like that. Thank you all for being here. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:55 AM): Okay. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:54 AM): Oh yeah, this is good too. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:54 AM): compose your job openings for free on MoYL for the entire It only takes two minutes. Yes, just two minutes. blah blah so I'll do that again text overlay sign up before November 1st to unlock your free for your three-month screen recording showing up. is supposed to drop on the matching process. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:54 AM): and we want to help you grow. But he doesn't say Austin. right? Then local businesses, people working on bustling city scenes that can be, we can find video of Austin, we can buy video of Houston, San Antonio, whatever. Andrés, starting November 1st. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:53 AM): So if you go all the way back to the top. Opening scene, right? where it has the text overlay. footage of downtown Austin, blah, blah, blah. it is from oil. I like the We know how important your business is to this city. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:53 AM): you're just going to add the video but then see. the voice just keeps playing at the same time. I mean obviously you I'll do big stuff between like scenes or whatever they're called or between. Is the breakdown okay? guys first of all. I mean does this sound like a good thing right? UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (11:53 AM): Okay. Abiodun Solomon (11:53 AM): Oh, okay. Okay. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:53 AM): entire thing in video and then I'll send it to you. But then what you'll do, I guess, is... was can you add the other video that were adding to it without removing my voice, right? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:52 AM): Well, ideally, it's a mix between me and the voice. I mean, me and video. Yes. So I'll record myself, right? Abiodun Solomon (11:52 AM): Right. Abiodun Solomon (11:52 AM): So we have. Abiodun Solomon (11:52 AM): Okay, great. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (11:52 AM): Yes. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:52 AM): want to use, right? But can we keep the voice? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:52 AM): So that then we don't have to just do voice overlay for those. other videos, we just do this and then you just kind of insert. the video you're going to use and the parts you Abiodun Solomon (11:52 AM): Correct. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:52 AM): the images, right? Or the video. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:51 AM): Hell yeah, this is great. Starting November 1st, you can book your job opening for free on Moyo for the entire month and it takes two minutes. Yes, just two minutes to post the job. So technically avid what I'll do is I'll record myself doing the video And I'll send it to you. and you can just overlay the parts where we're just going to include Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:51 AM): Okay. Dafne Gutierrez (11:51 AM): Sorry, i'm sharing the the post on the groups. Awesome. The post. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:51 AM): Okay, bye. Abiodun Solomon (11:51 AM): Okay, no? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:50 AM): wanted to, but we're focused on just those four right now. Yay or nay? UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (11:50 AM): And honestly, any other... Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:50 AM): You know what I'm saying? So that gives us an opportunity to update the images that are specific to Austin, for example, or the video that is specific to Austin. and then being able to literally just put that video everywhere else. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:50 AM): the background images, as long as I don't say all I'm saying local. Abiodun Solomon (11:50 AM): Okay. See what I'm saying? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:49 AM): and posted on all social media. all of those groups with the same message. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:49 AM): To change the images. And then we can just. recreate the video for San Antonio, Dallas and Houston. Abiodun Solomon (11:49 AM): Why because then we just have. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:49 AM): I'm not gonna say Austin anywhere in the script. Guess why? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:49 AM): Okay, now, um. Okay, so I think I'm Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:48 AM): I'm just going to call it our two-minute job posting tool completed. live free. jump to you know if I look at kind of fast and wasn't dating I changed them. So hurry. Sign up November 1st to see how simple hiring can be. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:48 AM): I should try. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:48 AM): partners. Two minutes. Okay. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:48 AM): Two minutes. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:48 AM): Maybe something more. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:48 AM): Okay, no, okay, I have an idea, I have an idea. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:48 AM): But okay, so I can work on this, but tell me so I'm trying to tune in. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:47 AM): fast not super fast so we're like so we we're just lying, not super lying. I got injected a little. comedy, man. We got this. Okay, so I don't know maybe I don't know I like it, but I'm not convinced. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:47 AM): But also we should probably just say. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:47 AM): Oh, talent. No, I think it's just talent. OK. Abiodun Solomon (11:47 AM): And that's it. Abiodun Solomon (11:47 AM): I think it's good. After that, talent, local talent, go first. All right, another one, you're sending. Maybe just fast. I don't like talent. Abiodun Solomon (11:47 AM): It's good. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (11:47 AM): OK. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:46 AM): Love you, man. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:46 AM): Oh, yeah Okay, what do you guys think? I think I love this one. Maybe too long, you guys tell me if it's too long, we'll make it shorter, but on now. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:46 AM): All right, so let's see. will complete it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:45 AM): I'll get that to you right away before we even get started. of the call okay Don't miss out on trying to. Tell me soon. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:44 AM): real quick while I finish this and then I'll just, if I jump onto that right now, you know. We're never coming back to this. to me as a technician. up real quick and then we'll finish this up and then I'll... Abiodun Solomon (11:44 AM): Okay, can you see me? UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (11:44 AM): Yeah. Abiodun Solomon (11:44 AM): The text content on it all for the cover for the image. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:44 AM): What else do we need? What do I owe you? Abiodun Solomon (11:44 AM): Yes, you Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:44 AM): Yes, you haven't given me the. Abiodun Solomon (11:44 AM): Last session with the priest person. Yes. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (11:44 AM): Um, yeah Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:44 AM): and and and Okay. the video. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:43 AM): Okay, how about something like this? Thanks. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:42 AM): I guess I see what you're saying. I mean, it creates FOMO. um but Abiodun Solomon (11:42 AM): Yeah, that's what, that's well. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:42 AM): I'm saying. Do you think the competitors parts of this? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:42 AM): Sorry, what was that? Abiodun Solomon (11:42 AM): Do you think the competitor's part is necessary? Successful. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:42 AM): Okay, I think that's too long for my ADHD but what do you guys think? think. I'll do whatever it takes. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:41 AM): your competitors are finding the best local talent fast. for free. It is only available. Don't let this opportunity. This operation will be available until November 1st, so don't miss it. out. Sign up now and see how Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:41 AM): This is the cool thing about the cloud-based applications. We can chat on here. You guys can make changes or note things, you know. So it actually feels very collective. Collaborative. Collaborative. Okay. All right, there's some challenges still there. Okay, so... at no cost. Don't let this opportunity slip by. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:41 AM): It should be a link in your email. There you go. There you are. Yes. Okay. guys that we can we can add the chat to. Dafne Gutierrez (11:41 AM): Let me see. Abiodun Solomon (11:41 AM): into the document, right Dafne, were you able to? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:40 AM): at no cost. to try out to our two-minute AI powered job post. Were you guys able to get in? Did you get into the? Yes, I mean already. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:40 AM): to try our two-minute AI-powered job posting and matching. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:40 AM): Don meets out. on this opportunity to. Abiodun Solomon (11:40 AM): Hold on a second. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:40 AM): say anywhere? Doesn't say what? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:39 AM): and to, you know, you have to try too hard to now. Okay, so best local talent fast and for free. This offer is only available until November 1st, so don't miss out. Sign up now and see how easy hiring can be. Sign up before it's too late. Closing scene, logo and website link, Austin businesses post for free in November. to keep the excitement high. Okay, look. Here's what I love. The video doesn't. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:39 AM): I always remove words. No look I mean if I read it the first time and he didn't sound smooth. I change it because it can't be. That's, you know, that's the entire example. not then you just kind of a, you're going to sound like a. I mean, you gotta, it sounds weird. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:39 AM): Businesses across Austin are already jumping in trying our two-minute AI power job posting and matching at no cost Don't let these opportunities leave by while your competitors. for finding the best local talent effortlessly. No, I don't like that word. Fast and for free. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:38 AM): Okay. Imagine this businesses across Austin. I don't think we need to say imagine this. We're just going to say businesses across Austin. So let me update. And again, these are just ideas, but maybe you can have. So, you know, an initial idea and then go from there. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:38 AM): Yeah. He should totally. make a difference here so okay imagine this Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:38 AM): Okay, let's see the If I can capture a better idea here. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:37 AM): So look, this is the change I'm. Hold on a second. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:37 AM): signing up, taking advantage of this opportunity. Don't be the one missing out. your competitors. Find a better stop. the best local talent for free. This offer is only available until November 1st. So act fast. I don't know. I think this one I'm going to work on it because I don't Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:37 AM): Imagine this order all their businesses are already. Abiodun Solomon (11:37 AM): Andrés. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:37 AM): notes to it. I'm gonna be the one reading this all but you're gonna have Yeah. Okay. Usually construction. Ah, okay, perfect. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:36 AM): from. All right, so screen recording showing how quick blah, blah, blah. Moil not only makes it easy, but also smart. Our platform instantly matches you with qualified. Yeah, there you go. So we need to post a job that will get us enough candidates that will get us a good result. which is usually construction. Please read this before you copy paste because I'm adding. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:36 AM): Why did he make such a big difference? tone of excitement in that extra second. That I couldn't, I couldn't. Really nailed down to where he was coming. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:36 AM): So there's a logic to it. There you go. That's all I wanted to know. Abiodun Solomon (11:36 AM): That's great, so. There you go. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:36 AM): that the Yes. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:35 AM): Um Okay, I love how you said six. It was 20 or something. Yeah. like how between five and six we were able to feed an extra movie. Abiodun Solomon (11:35 AM): Six. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:35 AM): Huh? Five is short. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:35 AM): So that should be just a few seconds, right? Five seconds, maybe. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:35 AM): to the actual job post. Review, um. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:35 AM): We showed them just clicking. very quick click between selecting per hour. type in how much you pay. three options that we select and then the next. and then he just kind of smoothly transitions to Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:35 AM): to do the both of them in Spanish. English. Okay, so we need to do any Spanish in English. So You're typing bum bum labor worker or. concrete labor. Right, something like that and then. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:34 AM): Yes, so so very quickly laborer right and oh shit and we need Abiodun Solomon (11:34 AM): Is that, uh, Answering the questions. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:34 AM): than post-preview. I mean, yeah, job post preview. So can you visualize? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:34 AM): answering the three manual questions. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:34 AM): Job title. Dan. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (11:34 AM): Typing. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:34 AM): So we can be a quick recording of you. the typing of the job title, right? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:33 AM): recording showing how to pick how to quick how quick it is to put the job on the matching process. Yeah, this could just be a bit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Cool. Yeah. Well, we. record here. It can be a very Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:33 AM): sign up before November 1st. unlock your free month oh nice is the text that text overlay just comes up and like boom on your face sign up before okay UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (11:33 AM): Okay, you don't need. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:33 AM): to close the job. I mean imagine doing it without any cost. Sign up before November 1st. To unlock your free month. Oh fuck I will post this on every contract. Hell yeah. Oh, I love that. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:33 AM): Starting November 1st, you can post your job openings for. free on miles for the entire month. It only takes two minutes. Yes, two minutes. Oh, this thing knows me so well. Like, that's exactly something I would say. Actually, Dafne has heard me speaking to customers. That's probably what I say. Yes, just two minutes. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:32 AM): Local businesses, people working and bustling city scenes. Oh, that is such an AI word. I fucking love it. and Oh, my God. I was like, what is this about? Okay. Anyway, so. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:32 AM): And anyway, so, so let's read this. Hey Austin, I'm Andrés from oil and I've got an exciting opportunity for you. We know how important your business is to this city and we want to help you grow completely free. local businesses. Okay, cut to B-roll footage. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:32 AM): I should be sharing my screen. Abiodun Solomon (11:32 AM): Okay. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:32 AM): Okay. Good. All right, so page 2, do you guys get that email? I'm checking. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:31 AM): Yeah, that's another And so we'll have. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:31 AM): for the week, did we post it or not, but then we can also. Stephanie is not aware. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:31 AM): But I will. share my screen. The agenda is more of a guide for Jacob to follow than for you guys, just so that he kind of has an idea. Um... We still need to go over this. What was the content? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:31 AM): Um, and I created this meeting. agenda and then if you guys go to the second page you guys are going going to find the initial script. I mean, I haven't even read it yet, but this is something for us to actually follow along and then go off of, right? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:30 AM): Thank you very much. So you guys are going to get an email right now with the document. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:30 AM): Access to the word doc shit Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:30 AM): Okay, and then so it's easier to follow along. I'm sending you guys. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:30 AM): short, boom, boom, kind of gives just like. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:30 AM): Get ready for November. It's a text overlay. Let me just share this. It's very interesting. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:29 AM): So let me see, I'm working kind of with that. with these ideas and creating a small script. So we'll look at it. Oh, look at this. This is nice. It actually has visual footage. downtown Austin local business and iconic spots like Capital, Austin Businesses, Abiodun Solomon (11:29 AM): Bye. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:29 AM): entire week to allow companies to sign up. All they have to do is sign up. before November 1st and you'll have access to free job posts for the entire month. Okay. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:29 AM): free job post for the entire month. Right? So, so technically have a week, it will be an entire week. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:29 AM): Or we say, sign up before November 1st and you'll have access to. Dafne Gutierrez (11:28 AM): Okay. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:28 AM): are like from now until the end of November. post a job for free. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:28 AM): Yeah, I think I'll just say something. No. Dafne Gutierrez (11:28 AM): You're gonna put it or just say like at your first... month free. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:28 AM): So, um... Abiodun Solomon (11:28 AM): Okay. Right, right. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (11:28 AM): it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:28 AM): It's just kind of like, Oh, well, next time I know that I'm going to be charged. So then I'll pay for it. Uh, but he's gotta, he can't be like, Oh, it's always free. And then we start charging. No, it's always recharge. Now we're going to do this one month for free January, you know, create, recreate that FOMO. and then hopefully get people to just. Swarm in and say, oh yeah, no, I'll do that. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:27 AM): I mean, I don't give a crap about charging him yet. I just want people to come get a taste of it, right? I mean, come people, I need the jobs in Austin. That's all that matters. We just need people to post jobs in Austin for now. We'll charge him later. Once you put it out there for free and it works and people like it, dude, I mean, I'm telling you, you know, it's just, it's a no brainer, you know? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:27 AM): November So go on to say that Right now, we don't give a crap, right? just, I mean, we do give Abiodun Solomon (11:27 AM): You can do that for free. Can you follow that path? Mm-hmm. Or do you know that you can post a job in? minutes and then did you know what's even better that we can useful for you and yourself. Abiodun Solomon (11:26 AM): So I think we can go in the line of. Can you imagine being able to post a job? in less than two minutes. And then can you imagine being able Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:26 AM): job posting in just two minutes. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:26 AM): And try out future of hiring or something like that. You know what I'm saying? like, like, yes, gum, try out. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:26 AM): off. I'm just trying to think. Yeah. We should probably see it more from a promotional video. It just needs to be like, hey, come check it out now. Post for free until the end of the month. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:26 AM): But then that's more of a, it's got a more of a story. to it than really just inviting. to post the job now before November. 31st see what I'm trying to say So we should try and look at it from an angle. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (11:25 AM): A. Abiodun Solomon (11:25 AM): move on to how Merle can solve that problem. And now we have been solving it for other businesses. Abiodun Solomon (11:25 AM): or five industries that we serve. finding it difficult to fill a role. numbers and numbers of people who are qualified. experience for that robot. Do not have that information. that there is opening somewhere. Can we Abiodun Solomon (11:25 AM): To get more ads on projects. say that again. I was saying can we make it in this crude olive oil industry. Abiodun Solomon (11:24 AM): I'm thinking Maybe make it about a business or yes the business in the and labor industry. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:24 AM): What do you guys think should be, let's say we focus on, on the business first. What should be the message in here? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:24 AM): Ah, that's Let's see. So, yeah. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:23 AM): and then just, yeah. Yes we can finish the rest. OK. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:23 AM): That's okay. You can just do one without that. Dafne Gutierrez (11:23 AM): Okay, no big deal. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (11:23 AM): Maybe. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:23 AM): So it's allowing us to do it. It just doesn't mundane by. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:23 AM): Okay. Okay Dafne Gutierrez (11:23 AM): Yeah, I guess it shows your name whenever I am editing it, but when I save it, it doesn't show your name anymore. Oh, I see. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:23 AM): I mean, it did let me add myself as a collaborator, and I did, but it didn't add me as a collaborator. did now. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:23 AM): No. In the edit of your. in the edit options, right? Yes. How weird is that? Yeah, and I don't see. Dafne Gutierrez (11:23 AM): It's a purple little guy. Dafne Gutierrez (11:22 AM): It's just letting me tag you like not it's not showing me the collaborator option Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:22 AM): but it did, it did let me. Try me, homie. Try it again. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:22 AM): No, I just added myself as a collaborator on another two posts. I didn't think so. Dafne Gutierrez (11:22 AM): You can't collaborate after posting. Dafne Gutierrez (11:22 AM): when I press the edit thing, only lets me do. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:22 AM): For some reason, I think he shows in my profile. file but not on my notifications. So weird, no? And you added me as a colleague. Or tag me on it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:21 AM): and I Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:21 AM): See I was logged in a smile one sec Dafne Gutierrez (11:21 AM): last video that's on Facebook but I don't see you there. I don't know if it shows on your end. Dafne Gutierrez (11:21 AM): I tag you on the video. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:21 AM): What should the story be? I mean, what should the narrative be for it? And just real quick. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (11:21 AM): Okay. Abiodun Solomon (11:21 AM): for business and one for workers will be good. Okay? Dafne Gutierrez (11:21 AM): Yeah, that sounds good. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:20 AM): and then create your profile before November. first and start posting end of November at no cost. Post as many jobs as you want. Right? Yeah. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:20 AM): I make two of them, right. One for candidates, but then the one I really want to promote is the businesses. So I want to do all, you know, sign up. They have now seven days. Sign up. Dafne Gutierrez (11:20 AM): Like make two videos. Yeah. Okay. Very good. Yeah. We can, yeah. Dafne Gutierrez (11:20 AM): Yeah, probably. So it doesn't get like confused. use with a lot. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:19 AM): I mean, yeah, from Austin to Austin to help blue collar skilled labor America find better jobs and then small, medium businesses find, or maybe we just focus on the businesses, right? We do one for people, one for businesses or one for both. Yeah, I don't know. What are you guys' thoughts? I'll shut up now. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:19 AM): At Moyle, we help you post a job interview. just a minute and automatically match you. I kind of want to, because I want to promote it only in Austin, I kind of want to build a narrative of the startup. Right? From Austin. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:19 AM): Check this out, go to monolab.com plus your job for free. free. You know, or we start with Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:19 AM): have available now. So it has to be something along the lines of are you hiring right now. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:19 AM): to it, you know, I want to promote it. to invite those businesses to do what? Like, what are we, what is the message? want to put on that video to attract the businesses to at least go to MOYL and post that job that Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:18 AM): promote that video a lot. But But we need to figure out how we're going to reach. people and what kind of message do we need to script for the video. Um, because I want to add some money. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:18 AM): Things that can't be missed but now there's there's two of us Three of us now doing this and with there's more eyes on it right so go ahead and do that for this post And now well, I'll jump on in the meantime. I mean so obviously stay on the call I do want you to listen in but I'm going to talk to you or while you work on that I'll talk to a bladder or the three of us can talk about the video that I want to create to offer and And I honestly, I think I'm going to. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:18 AM): asked and what it's done, things that we can get better at. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:17 AM): the email marketing campaigns and all of that but for now like I told Jacob I I wanted him to become as good as possible at social media or understand at least everything I was asking from him. Before I could hand it over, I did. There are some gaps on what I've... UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (11:17 AM): you're also going to work, eventually we're going to work Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:17 AM): to help have, see what I'm trying to say here? So, and again, and I haven't had this conversation with you, I've had it with Jacob, but now I'm having it with you, right? So again, I do want you to take over the social media. right now for marketing. We start with social media us the same time as you know. also going to be part of the podcast when we launch it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:17 AM): You know, or again, you know, we have the call and you say, hey. this week I fixed this and this and this on this post, or here's what I'm doing on my post to help have a better reach. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:17 AM): These are the type of things we should be doing. I've noticed that. Abiodun Solomon (11:17 AM): We're not doing this. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:16 AM): those tools, then we're not doing. Yes. So, you know, there's that. here's where I where I need you to. pumping full force and say, okay, guys. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:16 AM): Everything should like mostly everything should be real. Most everything should go on the stories. We should add music. We should add hashtag. We should add locations. We should All of those things are created by God. social media so that we can target our. were focused. market. And if we're not used Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:16 AM): to using the tools that Facebook and Instagram give us to get more visibility. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:16 AM): add 10, 12 hashtags. The ones that have the highest hits on Instagram. Instagram or Facebook. one word that, you know, again, I, again, This is what I feel like happening. with Jacob that I've talked to him and I need to talk to him about. I feel like we're so reluctant. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:15 AM): use and the more we add in. you add them on your end and think about it. those jobs, all those. Hashtag blue collar skilled labor and then we just Pick the ones that have the highest. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:15 AM): To talk to him about that is. generated. They're not beautiful. generated. Hashtag. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:15 AM): date that are preferred that I would continue to use our old hashtags because they're AI generated hashtags. They're just words. They're not real hashtags that lead to people seeing your content. Um, so, uh, another thing that we. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:14 AM): it. So, on the edit, you're going to add the collaboration. make sure that you're adding the city or the state. if it's not a very specific for us. certain city, we'll just add the state. And then on the hash I would only use hashtags like I showed you the other day. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:14 AM): edit that one with the following things. Okay. Okay, so just so that you also get in the habit of it. And when we see these things that are not happening, two things. We need to remind Jacob. We also take responsibility of it, go ahead and schedule it or change Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:14 AM): Um, yeah, I don't think. any tags on that one. So can I have you. please. Can I have you please? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:14 AM): All right, let me see. Okay. Now, okay, going down more, right? If you look at the video that he just posted... today of the how to negotiate a better salary in Spanish. He didn't post the English one, so I'm assuming it's coming. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (11:13 AM): Okay. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:13 AM): Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr Okay. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:13 AM): including... I'm just making a... so I don't forget. Comment. Exposed messages. Abiodun Solomon (11:13 AM): Hold on a second. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:12 AM): to make sure that he does because I'm recording, I'm having to translate. script done but he has to. Guys, I mean, maybe what we need to do At least. or I'll do that, right? Create a list of things that. must be included in our posts. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:12 AM): It just tells me like you can't add this option for. That's weird. Okay. All right, so again, so make those. Well, Jacob needs to listen to this call. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:12 AM): It let me do one post. One of them, it did not. It allowed me to do the WhatsApp invitation, but in a. the whatsapp thing but on the other one it doesn't Let me that's interesting. It let you on the English version. Yeah, if you look at it, it's in English and then on the next one, Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:12 AM): Huh. Interesting. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:11 AM): Okay, this post can. Let me see what it says. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:11 AM): ask me to hold on. And I'm going to start. We should try and start doing that because I think it's going. to. That's a good option. You know. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:11 AM): I think he's gonna ask you if if you want to add the WhatsApp option and we should. Oh, this one didn't Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:11 AM): You guys can look you can add me as a collaboration. You will see later on the edit options once you. You can add me as a collaborator then when you say Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:10 AM): I just updated the caption on the Spanish one, right? But if you look at it. that option to do the WhatsApp. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:10 AM): So I updated the date. Now I'm going to go do it to the Spanish Um, But yeah, like, well, just I. Abiodun Solomon (11:10 AM): Check out that master electrician job real quick. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:10 AM): to the Moyo landing page. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:10 AM): that we're that we're helping with today and we want to make sure that we're doing things right for them that we can help them out. So, yeah, okay. So, Dafne, okay, perfect. So, you're going back to I assume So Master Electrician, we can now share that. one. Look, there's this that's or if you go to the. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:09 AM): I mean, that's our main company, largest company. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:09 AM): Those don't have to get done today. And I mean, I would just say at least this Zachary Jobs. Remember, that's our unlimited right now, that's our main. Abiodun Solomon (11:09 AM): I did not add the deadline. I only put the job title. Beautiful and can you please revise the ones that we currently Okay. when you have a chance. Abiodun Solomon (11:09 AM): Yes. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:09 AM): Jacob told you this right what we're doing moving forward We're no longer, we're no longer going to add the dates to the. the job post images, correct? Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:09 AM): you shared 50 times. You know, again, you know, my question is Let's or my thought is let's not skip through the post that is not supposed to be there for whatever reason it is. or that needs to be revised and let's bring it up to the team like, hey guys, this is still not revise the date what we're doing an app that I think Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:08 AM): Master Lectures, you are sharing the other ones now and again. right? If over the last couple of days Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:08 AM): You guys can invite me as a collaborator if Jacob's not doing we can edit it to make sure that I am invited as a collaborator Don, save. Boom, okay, so that master electrician I just changed Oh, yeah, what's up button? Look, I mean, I Just did the turnaround, save, add WhatsApp button. messages. Perfect. All right. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:08 AM): it. We can go in and edit it. one that doesn't is avlad because this is not his response. But, yeah, there we go. go. I just changed it. Invite collaborators. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:08 AM): now here. Jacob should have done this. You I mean, again, we're all going to take initiative and then. I mean, so if on the caption, it said October 10th. I just now revised it on the cap. which we can edit, all of us have access to it. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:07 AM): I told you guys, we don't stop because of that, because I mean, you know, we can, you can edit on the actual post. You can edit the date, right? I mean, we can edit it on the image, but on the actual post and I'm doing it right now, it's going to take me, you know, 10 seconds, right? November 10th. Um, so I'm going to fix it right. Dafne Gutierrez (11:07 AM): Oh, the electrician. I thought it was pending on the, to fix the, um, the date since the deadline. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:07 AM): was the last time it was shared. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:07 AM): Then I see the last job for master electrician. was shared. Five days ago was the last time, four days ago. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:07 AM): Well, we share everything because people need to know what MOYL is, right? Okay, and then on the groups... Dafne Gutierrez (11:07 AM): So we're supposed to be sharing those to the groups? I thought just the job posting. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:07 AM): post about as a skilled worker, what's your preference? Dafne Gutierrez (11:07 AM): Yeah, so we had two days ago we had a. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:06 AM): two, three posts. four posts and they haven't been shared once. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:06 AM): the last two days we've had Actually in the last five days UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (11:06 AM): Yes. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:06 AM): And then, how are you sharing the posts? Are you just sharing him from the profile from the? from the MOYL profile from the landing page. Yeah. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:06 AM): Um... Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:06 AM): two hours ago. I'm looking at some things here on Facebook. It was posted two hours to go from, I'm assuming from, Facebook automatically, there's no location. that was added to it. Then there's another one that was posted two days ago. So on Facebook, we didn't post since two days ago. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:05 AM): The goals for social media guys are very clear. It's to engage with audience, to be able to bring people back to the website, to our social media. Yeah, this job, this was posted by Jacob. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:05 AM): Take this away from Jacob and Jacob will become your support rather than Jacob being the one that's handling it and then you the support, right? UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (11:05 AM): Again, eventually I would like for you to kind of. Andrés Felipe Urrego Martínez (11:05 AM): If we have the conversation, then I will. I will rightfully assume, at that point I'm not assuming, We've had the conversation that it's going to get done. André
