---
type: transcript
---

# Meeting Transcript: 2025-05-15-zachary-barker-wyatt-hook
**Date:** 2025-05-15
**Type:** meeting-transcript

May 15, 2025 | Zachary Barker and Wyatt Hook Invited Guests : andres@moilapp.com, joshua@jucoai.com, Wyatt Hook, Zachary Barker Live Note s | Read Meeting Report ———————— Live Transcript (05:01 PM): Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:59 PM): Thank you both. Thanks for joining. and a Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:59 PM): Yeah, if there's anything else I can do to help you, let me know. I'll get that ticket closed out, but feel free to reach out at any time and we'll make sure you get the help you need. All right, cool. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:59 PM): go. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:59 PM): Yep, not a problem at all. Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:59 PM): Appreciate it. Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:59 PM): Perfect. That's fine. Yeah, somebody go play around So that's right is always valuable. I'll take a quick look and I'll get back to you on it. All right. That's awesome. Thanks, dude. Wyatt Hook (04:59 PM): problem for me to get access to one it's it would just basically I'm gonna take a quick look here right after this call but it would basically just be a copy of what your production portal looks like today yep and it wouldn't updated or refreshed from there. Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:59 PM): Yeah, it's no Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:58 PM): Josh, don't repeat this outside the circle yet, but the city of Tampa Bay is looking at this and that's a pretty significant size city for us, but they're going to have some kind of the stuff that Josh talked about having different kind of almost like academies in there. And so what I want to be able to do is go in and break everything without breaking all the other cities at the same time. So I don't know if it was taken away Cause we don't need it or we didn't do something or whatever. But if it's something I can just have, like, we would just love to be able to go break stuff inside of there. Oh, for sure. Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:58 PM): just for I mean because we do have we have Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:58 PM): and that we can turn back on. Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:58 PM): just to validate that it's something you want to go forward with before. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook (04:58 PM): Like we're happy to make sure that you have time with it you need before. Wyatt Hook (04:57 PM): like the integration APIs might be the right answer for you. I'm happy to set you up with like a sandbox and get you tested, like allow you to do any testing and play around without a purchase being made. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook (04:57 PM): out there like if you do ever get to a point where you feel UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (04:57 PM): Yep. Sweet. Wyatt Hook (04:57 PM): Like I said, you get the three hours of consultation time just if you have any questions about best practices or use cases, things like that. Then, yeah, that access is in perpetuity, but it's possible, it's subject to change. We have changed some of our services to recurring costs relatively recently, so I can't say it's going to be one time forever. Obviously, there's maintenance costs on our side and things like that, that's why kind of turn to a subscription model but Yeah, for the time being, it's one time. All right, cool. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:57 PM): You just transpose your numbers, that's all right. Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:57 PM): Yeah, I was off the top of my head UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (04:57 PM): $46.25. Wyatt Hook (04:57 PM): So just one time fee, I think it's 4,250 USD. Josh Edmond (04:56 PM): On the cost for the API, is that annual or is it one time? The integration API is right now with a one-time cost. Josh Edmond#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:56 PM): Maybe later on. I guess since we're about to close, I guess one last question. Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:56 PM): But even with that middleware piece, I don't, I don't know if, you know, I know you're capable. I know you and Andrés Felipe are more incapable of figuring that piece out, but like, how much do you want to do that when we could maybe just have them. go through the HubSpot, have the triggered response, give them the key and then peace out, that's not big. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:56 PM): It's not a lot of money for 5,000 clients. So, you know, as we get, I mean, and I expect we will have more people who want to do it at that point. It makes more sense. Josh Edmond#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:56 PM): It's a lot of money for one client. Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:56 PM): but relatively not, I would feel different. when it's five grand, you're like, oh my God. Josh Edmond#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:55 PM): it the path and and I'm not against making the investment for the API it's a what the license was for you guys so it's like doubling the, you know, if it was. Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:55 PM): It's not our Like original model, but I also Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:55 PM): I mean I'm having to help figure this thing out. Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:55 PM): I'm on the bus dude. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:55 PM): Listening in but Josh. Josh Edmond (04:55 PM): I mean, I know why it's. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook (04:55 PM): Cool. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:55 PM): Awesome. Josh Edmond#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:55 PM): Yeah. Okay. All right. Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:55 PM): So, yep. makes sense. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:55 PM): It's kind of like forced in to the registration. Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:55 PM): I'm like, OK, there you go. So that's all it is. But what we have given is the URL that already has the key essentially embedded into it. So the only way to access the key, they don't have to enter anything. Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:55 PM): So I just send them the key and they're like, oh, cool. Now I'm in. Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:55 PM): Because there are times that people will somehow magically find the website without going through the enrollment key. That's not how we give it to our people. But, you know, I mean, weird stuff happens. And they'll be like, I can't get in. Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:55 PM): and we can either give them like the UART code. Josh Edmond#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:55 PM): Yeah, you get the code. whatever and they just get a code and. Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:55 PM): is almost like BEDC. Josh Edmond#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:55 PM): So it's like, okay, we still got to get that unique key. to each other. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:54 PM): Cause I was just, I was thinking it was multiple keys. for the same purpose. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook (04:54 PM): One URL. Yeah, yeah. Perfect. All right. Yeah. You can use multiple uses. Sorry. I think I complicated that, but no. Wyatt Hook (04:54 PM): So you would just take, you can use like a single key that can be used multiple times. So you can, okay, perfect. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:54 PM): So you, yeah. Josh Edmond#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:54 PM): Yeah. Because it's not one key, right? No, no, no. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:54 PM): The key is a tag. Would that come from the webhook? Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:54 PM): It would just surface that through the HubSpot form. That then honestly sounds like a better term. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:54 PM): And so you would never really run out of keys. Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:54 PM): HubSpot is as they go through that dynamic piece it says okay you've scored whatever 70 so you qualify for x now it says if this then I mean you guys know HubSpot everybody knows so like if this and that so it would say if this then this key if that then that key and you just have a big bucket of keys for each one yep Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:54 PM): And then what you would do is just in a triggered response. Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:53 PM): And so what we would do is we would clone each one of those stages, and then I would develop that key. And again, we can customize what we call it, but we would get that key. And then you and me essentially, right, would say, this is the key for A, B, C. Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:53 PM): Again, Wyatt, if I'm wrong, but we would still be cloning. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:53 PM): So we would still be cloning. Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:53 PM): we would issue the key. Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:53 PM): Yeah. Yeah, it's a good way. How do we get that key dynamically from Absorb. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (04:53 PM): Exactly. Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:53 PM): single site but have the key. why, tell me if I'm wrong, but the enrollment key would then to find that they went to this department. versus that department versus that department. Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:53 PM): We could, if we wanted to do that, still have a... Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:53 PM): key codes and then we could actually put in an unlimited number doesn't matter user doesn't doesn't matter. Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:53 PM): And then what we could do is we could generate key codes and basically so it would back and it'll be like, hey Josh, you're enrolled, here's your key. code, BEDC dash a and that or dash hatch Or we could even just make it hatch, you could make it whatever. you want to make it but we could give those Josh Edmond#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:52 PM): Yep, that's what I was going to say. Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:52 PM): of eligibility, right? Because I can't, we still, we're just limited in some things. Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:52 PM): Josh, the way it's set up now is for it to be through a URL that has the enrollment key tagged to it. And the reason for that goes back to the, I mean, I know you were a board member in the EDC. So like that goes back to the financial use modeling is we have to make sure that it's tax paying citizens. So what we did is we gated it by putting it to be only available through the BEDC website or any places that you guys want to post it. The alternative though is to do that is to have them go through the HubSpot, do of authentication because we have an attestation of UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (04:52 PM): Yeah, and so. Wyatt Hook (04:51 PM): Once you generate some keys. is like a URL and enrollment key consumption. but you can also use enrollment. Like, from the public dashboard, if a person were to, like, stumble upon the website there, you can ask them. like an enrollment key tile or a. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook (04:51 PM): So there's there's multiple different ways like there are your. Josh Edmond (04:51 PM): as a URL parameter when a user... UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (04:51 PM): Mm-hmm. Got it. Wyatt Hook (04:51 PM): Enrollment keys. are associated to a department at all times. Wyatt Hook (04:51 PM): their single user, single use. Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:51 PM): Yeah, it's based on a. Josh Edmond (04:51 PM): department-specific or user-specific? Wyatt Hook (04:50 PM): the form itself. So what data do you want to pull from that form into the LMS, right? And then, of course, obviously, like we had said, there's still kind of that question mark about how you want to then get that data to HubSpot. There's There's a lot of different ways to do it though. key form is going to get you. 90% of the way there, right? Wyatt Hook (04:50 PM): using the form you can do gender a single key or you can make as many as you need to. for however many users might be there and then you can create Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:50 PM): and then within that form when you're using it. Wyatt Hook (04:50 PM): You can also add those enrollments to those Buddhist specific courses as part of that enrollment key. Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:50 PM): department as well automatically via the enrollment You can set them temporary pastors, what have you. Wyatt Hook (04:50 PM): Functionality is all in here as well. So with an enrollment key, you can Actually say like this will be for Buddha. And then you can make all of the people using this key go in to that booth. Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:50 PM): this as a department so that makes things very easy. you and then your enrollment. Wyatt Hook (04:50 PM): business model canvas for that specific customer. And then in the current department structure here, in the Startup Support Center, you have the... Like Buddha Economic Development Corporation, for example. Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:49 PM): And then you can rebrand that course as you need. Wyatt Hook (04:49 PM): or so but it in absorbs What you could be doing if you if there are specific training programs that you're then trying to clone out for specific customers. You can just jump right in here and you can duplicate. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook (04:49 PM): given the context of the last 20 years. Wyatt Hook (04:49 PM): that the and show you just just very briefly I mean obviously you both have much better idea of what you're trying to achieve here than I do UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (04:49 PM): I think I... Josh Edmond (04:49 PM): And kind of lay it out there right now. They may say hey, you know We want it to be better and we want it to be a certain way, you know, we'll just leave it up to them. Josh Edmond#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:49 PM): And so we'll just take this kind of back to them. Josh Edmond#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:49 PM): Um, yeah. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:48 PM): Then there's something As soon as a gremlin reaps its head out now everything's broken and we're all doing the spider-man thing where we have a positive experience so correct, you know the easiest thing for us to do is to you know, let it fit within their current process and Um, Zach, maybe a little bit more work on our side, but it sounds like whether it's through a clone or some other native functionality that absorbed has to offer, we can get it done. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook (04:48 PM): Yeah, the time yeah more than anything because the building it is one thing then you got to test it. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook (04:48 PM): But yeah, for us, but do we want to do that? Wyatt Hook (04:48 PM): And developer time is obviously not cheap. We do have contractors we could recommend and things like that if the tech technical part of building is a challenge, but we've got developers and stuff, and so I think that would be probably the easier part. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook (04:48 PM): And I would estimate it somewhere in the 20 to 40 hours range for a developer to build something like that. Wyatt Hook (04:48 PM): But to actually automate any of this, then you're looking at actually building your own software that sits in between. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:48 PM): Yeah, like the API itself has the one time cost and you can do quite a bit with it. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook (04:48 PM): We want to validate. For sure. Josh Edmond (04:47 PM): But yeah, maybe we'll pause though if there's going to be a significant investment. Josh Edmond (04:47 PM): We're not so concerned about the technical side. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook (04:47 PM): You gotta get the middle way. Josh Edmond (04:47 PM): If I understand just technically why it. It can be done via the API. The API is expensive. Josh Edmond#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:47 PM): right maybe on the next phase or the next level and that may be the answer. Josh Edmond (04:47 PM): of it being kind of milestone driven so you at one level you get your certificate maybe you do a more things, achieve those goals, apply. Josh Edmond#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:47 PM): attention right so how all of this this plays into that. a big part of it. Josh Edmond (04:47 PM): this because obviously this is a part of of the greater programming that we have. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (04:47 PM): would be very low touch. Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:47 PM): or quarterly and just say, has anybody swapped it? and just make it part of our Again, it's not. It's not fully automated but it Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:46 PM): more specific people who have a very clear focus on what they're trying to accomplish. We could even look at it monthly. Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:46 PM): It's not going to be the case. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:46 PM): I know how training works, it's not that simple. Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:46 PM): clean now I also you know if we had 10,000 users in each database, that could be messy. Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:46 PM): the ability to always have that data collection spot on the front end that's then doing the assessment. and the triggering, the key. For me really would just be that we have you know, kind of like four databases. which we would just want to make sure that we keep. Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:45 PM): go through all the programming to graduate to 10th. We would almost physically and look I don't mind to do it you guys can just tell us like hey you know why it graduated the certificates is the certificate gets issued for completion and then we take that certificate report and go okay we'll move them over to 10th grade and you may still want to do the intake form it may be something that that's that in that certificate it has a triggered email that says hey you have completed this fill out this form so that you can move on to the next. Graduated session so we could still offer. made it and you would still have. Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:45 PM): not as big of an issue as what I'm about to present. But if somebody starts like, you know, let's just call it like it's like grade school essentially like ninth grade, 10th grade, 11th grade, 12th grade. So, someone starts at 9th grade. Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:45 PM): issue and and look I mean is make me think that this is probably Josh Edmond#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:45 PM): the quickest and the the Cleanest you know yeah, yeah Ultimately, Josh, maybe the long term. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:45 PM): That may just be. Josh Edmond (04:45 PM): that would then get them authenticated or enrolled in that clone, if I understand you right. Josh Edmond#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:45 PM): A unique URL, right, right, right. A unique URL. Josh Edmond (04:45 PM): So you need URL with a key? Josh Edmond (04:44 PM): of least resistance. Three clones i'm gonna use the going to have different courses, they still are the clients, right? So as they go through that form, we would then send the user a unique Wyatt Hook (04:44 PM): I think is still something that's worth, like, they're still not necessary. necessarily a solution in regard to how we get the user from HubSpot to absorb. Yeah, I think I think what Zach said might be the path. Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:44 PM): without getting the HubSpot challenge. Wyatt Hook (04:44 PM): Inherent to the platform, like, there's definitely some some things you'd have to consider. going forward with it. I'm not sure if you have a CSM or somebody. to help you out with the best practice side of things. Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:44 PM): Again, these are, this is stuff that's But it's more or less... Wyatt Hook (04:44 PM): possible. Wyatt Hook (04:43 PM): You could put all of those three courses into a singular curriculum. curriculum and then you can you could. Which would give you a little bit more of that purview of like, here's my full overview of of everyone taking the learnings, but also. be able to break that data down by the customer taking those courses. That's definitely. Wyatt Hook (04:43 PM): Like, we do have several different kind of mechanisms that you could use to make it easier for reporting. if you're specifically talking talking about training and cloning a course. into three different courses that would then be kind of branded based on the customer or, you know, based on their journey. Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:43 PM): Um, yeah, I mean, the best way to look at it is probably looking at it as 3 clones. Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:43 PM): Like I'm trying to think is like when you know when they sign well with the enrollment queue and they sign up at auto Yeah into a thing Is there a way for us to have that or would it or is it just like we just need three clubs? Because I don't mind having three clones either. It doesn't change my life. It just makes reporting a little more complicated because you're essentially now creating three complete different departments and Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:42 PM): for us to create these separate channels within a single client. Instead of cloning it three times, is there a way for me to gate off Different places and say, you know, so they. could basically still kind of come through an enrollment. I don't know. Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:42 PM): be, is there any other way? Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:42 PM): Other questions of your training with all of the specific cloud customers. That's something we see B2B customers doing all the time. Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:42 PM): It's definitely possible. Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:42 PM): is they're basically qualifying into that. a particular category. Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:42 PM): So and then that way what they're doing. Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:42 PM): enrollment key where we would say, this and it sends that. web address with that enrollment key. So we've you know, BEDCA B, E, D, C, B, so it's Buda economics. Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:41 PM): like, you know, Buda Starter. Buda Mid, Buda Advanced, and what I could do is we could have them go through the HubSpot. the qualifying and then based on their output but it could potentially create. create a trigger to that Josh Edmond#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:41 PM): So Buda we could kind of do like Buda and Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:41 PM): I was literally on a call with them like an hour ago. That's why they're on my brain. Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:41 PM): Josh says, but. Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:41 PM): Sorry, dude, I can't believe I was on the call with Phil this morning the fifth Sorry, the client is being a Texas. Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:41 PM): And so I'm sorry, beautiful Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:41 PM): And so I could in essence. copy the client over and have kind of like So the city is fully. Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:41 PM): our training inside of it and part of what they're wanting to is based on your questionnaire. You kind of qualify for a star mid or advanced training, right? Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:41 PM): There could be another solution and why hang out and just tell me if I'm crazy. So what we could do is we could kind of like create mirrored. Images of particular LMS clients right so we have Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook (04:40 PM): I would definitely wouldn't go as far as to say using the enrollment keys is the best way to do it, but I just wanted to be open minded. Wyatt Hook (04:40 PM): It definitely, it sounds like HubSpot is the better method for sure. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:40 PM): Yeah, no, that makes sense. Josh Edmond (04:40 PM): your form would even be as dynamic. Josh Edmond (04:40 PM): And so, so yeah, so I don't know if... UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (04:40 PM): Makes sense. Josh Edmond (04:40 PM): the LMS is where they need to go. We want to make that simple. If they need to be Yeah, yeah. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook (04:40 PM): Makes sense. Josh Edmond (04:40 PM): those opportunities, right? So when a business contacts our client, they want to be able to make sure they get to the right place, right, and receive the right services. And so that's where the dynamic form that we want to use comes into play. Josh Edmond (04:39 PM): is where humans source constraint, right? So we're trying to use this initial touch point. to qualify in or out and to direct. Josh Edmond (04:39 PM): and I mean our main The thing the solution we're looking for Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook (04:39 PM): scope of what we want to look at here. Wyatt Hook (04:39 PM): And then there are some other like analytical tools that we could potentially. used to pipe that out, but I think those are kind of far beyond. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook (04:39 PM): get data into the hotspots specifically. Wyatt Hook (04:39 PM): I'm not the best person to speak to on how to. Wyatt Hook (04:39 PM): Something that customers do that cost no money. We can also build you that report like a customer report that's delivered either via email address or. an FTP location and then you could use that data to then ingest it in HubSpot. Obviously, there's still some consideration here about taking that data and getting it into HubSpot. How you do that, obviously, there's probably some options out there. Wyatt Hook (04:39 PM): schedule to an email address and and parse the data out of the CSV that way. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (04:39 PM): free and just generate that. Wyatt Hook (04:38 PM): It's not probable, it's very unlikely to solve it. any of your problems, if I'm going to be very honest with you. There are several other ways to extract data, though, like I said. can build a report in the LMS form. Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:38 PM): Basically, so it's. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:38 PM): Yeah, yeah, it's just a notification basically. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook (04:38 PM): they do something with that information. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook (04:38 PM): user has been created and then it's up to me to Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:38 PM): the fifth It's telling me it's basically like a career right it's knocking on my door telling me. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook (04:38 PM): Like it's not meant to be, it's not meant to. All the details, it's just an event. Josh Edmond (04:38 PM): It's basic in nature, right? UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (04:38 PM): Gotcha. Wyatt Hook (04:38 PM): specifically, there's several different ways that you could get the data out. The API is definitely one way and a very common way at that. The webhooks, again, it's still going to be the same problem. You can send some data through the webhooks, but it's so Just certain events are available. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook (04:38 PM): and require the public API or can we do that via web? Yes, so not necessarily the APIs. Wyatt Hook (04:37 PM): to LMS, consume an enrollment. sign up that way and then push data back to HubSpot in various different ways depending on what makes the most sense to you. Wyatt Hook (04:37 PM): were if it made no difference you could drive users to the Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:37 PM): Yeah, if we could drive user to the like. Wyatt Hook (04:37 PM): But I like to try to make sure we were. in the way we think about things here. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook (04:37 PM): requirements, the user coming from HubSpot or not. Wyatt Hook (04:37 PM): which would be maybe a different way to look at it. Wyatt Hook (04:37 PM): Does the HubSpot, does the to sign up through HubSpot because like enrollment key functionality, we can do the four. form-based signup on our side. potentially get data out back to HubSpot. Wyatt Hook (04:36 PM): for Barcloud right now doesn't currently have the integration APIs enabled and that is its own one-time cost. You do get three hours of consultation services with The technical services team here at absorb as part of that purchase, and it can be used in perpetuity for many different purposes. So that's probably the most cost effective solution. But there are other options. to like just out of curiosity like does the Wyatt Hook (04:36 PM): The LMS. Wyatt Hook (04:36 PM): But as. very aptly identified that That is a pretty significant amount of development. like time and money that goes into that. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook (04:36 PM): We have people that did that today. Wyatt Hook (04:36 PM): data via the APIs to absorb The user as well. with all of those required fields that you described. That's very, very helpful. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook (04:36 PM): between softwares that's it between HubSpot and Absorb. And basically, you would be filling out that form, it would fire a Wyatt Hook (04:36 PM): create a middle. Wyatt Hook (04:36 PM): they are absolutely. for what you're describing, but they do. required development like you can't just and plug them in somewhere like you would have to. Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:36 PM): And so those integration APIs. Wyatt Hook (04:36 PM): The integration API is which is our public. is usually. what a customer would leverage in most cases. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook (04:36 PM): in order to get kind of the full benefit of webhooks. Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:35 PM): and many of that information that's going to be usable to you. Wyatt Hook (04:35 PM): The only thing it's going to tell you is that users It's not going to tell you the first thing. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook (04:35 PM): So you can set up a webhook for new users created, for example. Wyatt Hook (04:35 PM): definitely some challenges to overcome here. So with the webhooks in particular, those webhooks are only firing events from Absorb to an external service. There's nothing you can do to get data back in via the webhooks. And the data that we send out as part of a webhook event, they're called, it's very minimal. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (04:35 PM): Yeah. Josh Edmond (04:35 PM): you know. Totally. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook (04:35 PM): and that's be ideal just so that onboarding experience. UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (04:35 PM): that. Awesome, right? Josh Edmond#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:35 PM): And that's what I was trying to, I guess, get across, but I probably should have just said that. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:35 PM): No, I think you pretty much nailed it. Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:34 PM): And again, Josh, if I'm not saying that right, you stop me because I am by far the least technical person on this call. Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:34 PM): of capture as the gateway because as that they can just go in to absorb. I think it's important to be able to Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:34 PM): and they don't necessarily enjoy You, you tell me dude, if I'm out of pocket. I say some of this stuff, but they don't need it to necessarily They need it for. initial data capture. and we need it for authentication. to make sure that we can get them into Absorb. We're really just trying to set up a single form. Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:33 PM): hadn't planned on doing that just partially because of the investment. This is the only client thus far, which is great. I don't want to make it sound because Josh and Andrés Felipe are consultants who are working with our client who's using the HubSpot. We are your client or I am your client, so to say, and we're trying to figure out how to make it work with what we have. Because like I had told them, I'm not unwilling to open up the API, when we just we we don't have but one client so far who's wanting to do it so it's just a little bit of a heavy lift from us financially so we're trying to figure out if we can use webhooks since we have that kind of availability Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:33 PM): set up and right now we have Josh Edmond#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:33 PM): that the while you're while you're and have the HubSpot two-way API. Josh Edmond#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:33 PM): All right. Let me hear you Wyatt Hook#+#Zachary Barker, CEcD (04:33 PM): Josh think you're breaking up bud. Oh y'all lost me. Josh Edmond (04:33 PM): If the efforts. If the effort is in vain, then it'd be... Yes. I think we're losing it here. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook (04:33 PM): Got it. Josh Edmond (04:32 PM): We haven't necessarily, or at least there's no hard. requirement to use that form. for all authentication right we just want to get them on board Okay. Josh Edmond (04:32 PM): but we want to just streamline that user experience. so a single hub platform they will still of the required or necessary. information for provision. Think, write, email. Password, whatever else is required, right? Whatever you all require. and the authentic in that moment. Josh Edmond (04:32 PM): So we want to have a single form. It's going to be a HubSpot form. We want to collect some additional information that doesn't make sense to put into Absorb. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook (04:32 PM): Provisioning and authentication. Wyatt Hook (04:32 PM): with the LMS to kind of provision users. and potentially authenticate them. Do you want to give me a quick rundown of what it is you're trying to do, if there's more to it than that, and then I can kind of hopefully present some solutions. No, I think you hit it. Wyatt Hook (04:31 PM): perfect I read through The ticket obviously we've been communicating back and forth a bit there but it sounds like you're trying to basically integrate a HubSpot signup form with Wyatt Hook (04:31 PM): My name's Wyatt Hook. I'm the senior manager here for the Absorb technical services team. I should be able to help you out here kind of Make sure you get onto the right path as far as between HubSpot and Absorb goes. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook (04:31 PM): Nice to meet you, Zachary. Wyatt Hook (04:31 PM): I thought there was quite a few people in this call, but I see a couple of them are just note takers. Nice to meet you, Josh. Wyatt Hook (04:31 PM): taking and coaching purposes. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook (04:31 PM): not a problem at all. Josh Edmond (04:31 PM): Absolutely. Yeah. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook (04:31 PM): Thanks for making yourself available. Wyatt Hook (04:31 PM): doing well. Josh Edmond#+#Wyatt Hook (04:31 PM): Hey, how we doing? Good. Good. How are you? Wyatt Hook (04:31 PM): Can you hear me? UNKNOWN_SPEAKER (04:31 PM): Hello?
