# Teams Digest — Apr 23 to Apr 24

**Extracted:** 2026-04-24 | **Window:** last 1 days

**Teams covered:** 1 | **Total messages pulled:** 99

---

## Team Channels

---

## Chats (1:1 and Group)

### 1:1 with Jacob Oluwole (39 messages)

- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 24 06:53PM: https://moilapp-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/p/andres/IQDXRc2gUTZoSYnDqoF6TXzTARDpO5Mder8L98zslhHFAWQ
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 06:50PM: lol
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 24 06:49PM: 241mb wow
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 24 06:48PM: Ohh okay.... lemme try something from my end..
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 06:43PM: Yes sir but I have to build the script first
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 24 06:41PM: Is it possible for you to prompt the ai to add the voice over?
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 06:38PM: Yep, I will add audio but maybe not voiceover? Or maybe I will add voiceover!! lol
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 24 06:37PM: Is it generating it
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 24 06:37PM: What about voice over?
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 24 06:37PM: Yeah sure
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 06:36PM: 2 min its ok if it drives you to watch it
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 06:36PM: That's ok, I am using this for an event tonight!!! &nbsp;
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 24 06:36PM: The slower version makes much sense but it increases the time to almost 2mins
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 06:35PM: Slower
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 24 06:31PM: 🙌🙌🙇🏼
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 06:25PM: I am building the workflow so we can actually reproduce this videos for all other aspects of Moil! This is what happens when people make me mad! I build
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 06:23PM: That’s a good point!
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 24 06:23PM: Can it be for mobile? I am finding it hard to see But it is very Nicee!
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 05:51PM: yes, but there were no reasons why they should even try it?&nbsp; &nbsp; Why would i buy or click on your message? That is what we have to think about!!
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 24 05:33PM: “I want to reply to comments and turn them into signups for my tool. Keep replies short, personal, and not salesy.”
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 24 05:30PM: Okay boss… I will send you a text before I share them
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 05:30PM: Let's really think it through before just doing the task!! &nbsp; What was the strategy you used to make the decision for the comments you sent and posted?&nbsp; &nbsp; How were they driven to convert?&nbsp;
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 05:29PM: They are vague and not conversion driven!! Completely missed opportunity to convert over 2000 businesses but we have to do it right
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 24 05:29PM: I posted it yesterday to the group
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 24 05:28PM: I am very much around today
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 05:28PM: I saw a few of them but none of them relly sell or give the buyer any insight into anything we are offering!!&nbsp;
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 05:28PM: How did it go with the message I wanted you to send people about trying Moil free
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 05:28PM: You around today? Busy week with other things?&nbsp; &nbsp;
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 04:00PM: Jacob, yes sir!! Not a handoff, we are doing that next Wednesday!
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 24 03:48PM: Were you able to have the handoff call with Megan yesterday?
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 24 03:48PM: Hi, boss. &nbsp;
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 12:08PM: Interesting lol
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 24 12:08PM: I understand this. I'll speak to Ablad and try to communicate what you were talking about to him...
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 24 12:05PM: Steve began work on it yesterday... he said the AI is not doing exactly what he is asking it... so He is doing it again
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 12:01PM: We have been working on this… yet hasn’t been fixed! What’s the bottleneck?
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 12:00PM: I’m this close to closing our full marketing department
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 12:00PM: Ablad is going to upset me if he doesn’t change his attitude
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 24 05:11AM: I sent her a license last week… waiting for her to sign up so we can add the Moil360
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 24 05:12AM: We are already working on this feature… where by we don't wait till they sign up before we assign the Moil 360 license to users

### Moil Marketing (38 messages)

- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 03:16PM: https://x.com/1littlecoder/status/2047331869319184798?s=12&amp;t=iboCHfWXcd_d-kaRPaBFSg
- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 24 12:47PM: Pls check for the HeyGen login again. the previous one expired
- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 24 12:47PM: Alright. Thank you
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 12:41PM: Check out hey gen hyperframes
- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 24 12:41PM: I was on RIve yesterday looking for how to make demo videos from the website. it wasn't as enabling as i expected.
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 12:39PM: I can show you! Made two of them!
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 12:38PM: At the end of the day, I am not upset! I just want to make sure you are not falling behind while you are in my team, and pushing back sounds like falling behind and not growing! I will push back on you and anyone else as long as the results are not there! We need to convert! We need to do more with less! We need to be great, anything aside from that will hurt us! As your leader my goal is to make sure you can grow, and growth can be uncomfortable! But I can say I am happy I have pushed you beyon
- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 24 12:37PM: The video you made for Clio, AMAZING!!! &nbsp; Now I'd like to know how you did it
- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 24 12:37PM: That was why I stopped them
- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 24 12:35PM: HeyGen was not giving us what we wanted. It cannot lift from our website. It doubles the work. The video I did for this week was made purely with Capcut and items I lifted from our website &nbsp;
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 12:35PM: I understand your frustration, I said let’s not sleep on this! Let’s make sure we use the tools we have and we maximize it! Everytime we have ever talked about AI for two years, you have a attitude towards it that is dismissing! Like I said, I recommend things and everyone can figure out what they do with it, you can take this as an emotional conversation or one you can learn from as you continue to adapt to the fast changing AI!
- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 24 12:34PM: I use AI all the time. it makes my work easier.&nbsp;
- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 24 12:34PM: this is from Hewar, the tweet's author. on the same tweet
- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 24 12:33PM: I think you have a lot to say, some you have said in the past and repeating. It is frustrating when you dismiss opinions. You asked for my opinion of the tweet - and it was the last line i sent.
- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 24 12:29PM: My review of it was that it's an amazing update, but does not mean it's the best ever. We create things with the same capacity before then. That was why i mentioned that we call on Grok and Gemini, and we get good result.&nbsp;
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 12:17PM: I promise you this is not a debate! You do your job how you best see fit, but I want results and I don’t want to babysit
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 12:16PM: It’s about maximizing the tool!! We lose credits every month because we don’t create as many videos as we could! &nbsp;🥲
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 12:15PM: Triggered would have been me replying yesterday, I didn’t! I sat, thought about your response, looked at some of the stuff being created around the world, looked at some of the things we are creating and then responded! There is a big difference and a big gap between what you are saying and the reality of AI in design! You do t have to believe me, you just wont hear it from me anymore!
- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 24 12:15PM: as for the HeyGen, I did mention that you wouldn't have to renew subscription at the time i wasn't using it. And then when I needed it, I asked again. Same way i said I didn't need the CapCut subscription because I have access to a pro that's unlimited
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 12:13PM: I am not triggered! I am concerned about marketing in my company!! I don’t run based of emotions, I run based on results!
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 12:13PM: But unless we use this tools and become the best at them!! We will fail in this specific category!
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 12:12PM: And how did it go? I just need you and everyone in our company to understand and that we are an AI company and as such we should learn and maximize the resources we have! You do t have to defend your work, I respect it and admire it! Yet I believe we are slow to adopt new tools, we are slow to produce which is why we are unable to complete a full month of content ahead of time and we are constantly trying to figure out how to catch up! I do understand today it is just you, and that’s why I have 
- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 24 12:12PM: I think you were triggered by me saying the tweet is a rage-bait. But I did say a lot more than that
- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 24 12:09PM: Honestly, I did an extensive use of GPT yesterday, it's what i spent most of my time doing. Tested their Photoshop extension, their Figma integration
- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 24 12:06PM: We do a mix of content type - what do you think of the ones i made using videos. I am about to defend this as the best of outputs, but this does represent 360 in image type. Imagine I want to put an entire calendar on a flyer
- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 24 12:02PM: &nbsp; no. But it was created with ChatGPT. Now you may have issues with the design because everything can be better - but it was created with what was available on the Model and what my prompt was enough to do.
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 12:00PM: Was this created with image2? lol
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 12:00PM: There are people creating full brands with it, creating animated video with it, creating websites with it, animated videos and demos with it!! Where we miss the point is around understanding the possibilities once one model drops, understanding how to use them, how to connect them with other AI! Is learning how to use the tools and making amazing things with it!
- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 24 11:59AM: apart from the tweet, I particularly tested out the model
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 11:58AM: I know but that’s where we miss the pint
- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 24 11:58AM: The tweet is hardly about the GPT Image 2 release
- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 24 11:56AM: No, that's not how i meant. I am particular about this tweet. Hewar did one tweet and went on to promote his branding agency. If you read the comments on that tweet, you might get my perspective better.
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 11:50AM: For example we have a real product and we create posts like this Smh!!! We have a real dashboard, a real product yet this is the best we could come up with through our manual craft and creativity
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 11:49AM: We have HeyGen yet we waste credits every single month!!
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 11:42AM: I created an entire brand in 2 days! It takes us a week to create our content! You tell me if you really think it’s just “marketing hype” and no real growth! If it wasn’t for HeyGen or grok we might still be doing manual videos every week!! I want to invite you to reshape your thinking, I’m worried about our existing belief around AI!
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 11:40AM: Sent
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 11:40AM: And what are your actual thoughts? Do we still believe AI is just a panic marketing approach? I am seeing daily people building amazing things, I am creating demo videos for Moil that we haven’t created over the last 2 years (clioremembers.com/demo) without ever designing anything or even knowing exactly how to do it! I am at awe at this response and it concerns me because we are far way ahead of where you believe we are!
- **Abiodun Adekanmi** Apr 24 10:46AM: Andres&nbsp;Urrego&nbsp;please help with the link

### 1:1 with Taiwo Ola Balogun (9 messages)

- **Taiwo Ola Balogun** Apr 24 06:57PM: I have the weekend to work on Inna and connectex
- **Taiwo Ola Balogun** Apr 24 06:57PM: I thought you worked on Inna already
- **Taiwo Ola Balogun** Apr 24 06:50PM: We opened a supabase yesterday for fitlogic
- **Taiwo Ola Balogun** Apr 24 06:49PM: Fitlogic
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 04:12PM: Where are we on Inna? whats left to do there?
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 04:08PM: They all login with github
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 04:08PM: Hello, for what account?&nbsp;
- **Taiwo Ola Balogun** Apr 24 12:48PM: I need the supabase credentials also and the resend email
- **Taiwo Ola Balogun** Apr 24 12:48PM: Good morning sir

### Moil Team (11 messages)

- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 08:37PM: I have an event today and want to give anyone who signs up a free month
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 08:37PM: Is there any way we can allow anyone that signs up this weekend to get a free one month license?
- **Adeleke Tolulope** Apr 24 12:44PM: It can ask them what they want to do and then guide them
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 12:44PM: Agreed! Maybe I need to redesign the guide so people know it’s there
- **Adeleke Tolulope** Apr 24 12:44PM: But if they ask the little guide, it can direct them tho
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 12:44PM: Correct ✅
- **Adeleke Tolulope** Apr 24 12:43PM: That will be on staging and it’s going to take a while before we can push to prod
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 12:39PM: Well…. You login and where do you start? lol
- **Jacob Oluwole** Apr 24 12:37PM: ohh okayy... I see... Just a prompt after they have created their business plan will do for now... something like" ready to begin your business plan creation?....."
- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 12:09PM: Client feedback, they logged in and didn’t know what to do next? I guess it’s not clear they have to start with the business plan? Maybe we need to start working on &nbsp;the revamp of the onboarding I sent last week!
- **Adeleke Tolulope** Apr 24 11:23AM: On Moil? We have guide already there

### 1:1 with Adeleke Tolulope (2 messages)

- **Andres Urrego** Apr 24 06:27PM: How are we doing with the chats I sent over? Did you have a chance to review them?
- **Adeleke Tolulope** Apr 24 11:22AM: Okay sir

---
